Sender  Salindor~
Date    Thu Aug 23 05:47:50 2007~
Stamp   1187841197
Expire  1188704886
To      all~
Subject journal entry: Derkec~
Text
Dear journel,
 
I was petitioning for another hero to try and save this world,
when I learned of a great and sad thing.  My old mentor and
teacher had passed away... apparently he had sacrified himself
many years ago to save the world.  If I had somehow heard, I
would have returned sooner, rather than by the call of the
planet but to help fullfill the void left by such a great
god having fallen.  Hell maybe had I not gone off in search
for my family, things could have been different.  At anyhow
it is best not to change the past, and besides that would 
proably anger Explorer anyhow, and his death was noble.  Well
in the less, this spot will act as the empi center for the
healing of the planet.  If nothing else, maybe whoever is
causing this will think Derkec returned.
 
Salindor
~

Sender  Mikael~
Date    Mon Sep  3 06:47:35 2007~
Stamp   1188795662
Expire  1189658878
To      all~
Subject Path of the Lost Brother~
Text
"It would appear young paladin, that this brother of yours.. has strayed from the
path that you so devoutly follow..how could this be?"
 
Mikael sighs loudly, shaking his head in silent distaste at the question before
him. "It would seem, Lord, that he has never forgiven this world.."
"No Mikael, I don't ask for his excuse, I ask for how such discipline could be 
placed into you, but not a sibling raised by the same family."
 
An expression of confusion crossed Mikael's face. What sort of path could his
brother actually be following to draw such attention.. and why the questions..
 
"Yes yes Mikael, it would only be right for you to have questions. Well, questions
shall wait, for now, you will listen." The man before the young paladin wiped his
brow slowly with a white cotton pad. "Where to start, where to start.. you deserve
to know straight forward.. your brother, I have been told, has taken up refuge 
inside the Black Citadel. As you know.. such a place has spit out many dreadful
creatures, as well as Death Knights with enough power and rage to cause us quite 
alot of pain in earlier days. Now.. what you don't know is that this Citadel..
for hundreds of years believed uncontrolled, uninhabited, have seem to start
teeming with new life.. young humans, drows, duegar alike have been seen entering
and leaving its cursed walls. It seems, Mikael, your brother is traveling the
path in which power controls, hatred flows, and death reeks. Do not fret with 
this now young one, go about your ways for now, sleep, I shall summon you tomorrow."
 
 
Such information, forced about a young human so fast, Mikael stood there, dazed as
the man walked away from him before he could protest. Shaking away his state of awe
Mikael returned to his room..
 
 
The Black Citadel.. only the damned walk upon such grounds..
~

Sender  Sokoru~
Date    Wed Dec  5 00:37:38 2007~
Stamp   1196812741
Expire  1197675489
To      all~
Subject The Journey~
Text
The wound was getting worse, and the meager herbs and
medicines I had brought had now diminished to nothing.
It seems the cold is helping to slow the spread of the
poison, but without treatment the wound is not closing
up, and I fear that no amount of snow and ice will pre-
vent the spread much longer. I have no choice but to
abandon the solace of these mountains and seek help, or
find myself in a frozen grave before the thaw comes,
so I begin preparations.
 
My endurance has left me, I find myself sleeping longer
and longer each night, and my thirst seems insatiable.
I shall pack only a bow and a water skin, and depart
tomorrow at the wake of the sun. Perhaps the balance
shall see my survival through what I estimate to be 5
days travel southward, through the blizzards of these
peaks, across the marshes on the edge of the great sea,
and through the great forest to the great elf capital
of Elvandar. Only a priestess of their way can leech
this infliction from my bones.
 
The plush reds of the sky are fading. Now I rest, re-
store what strength I may, and perhaps through the
power of the balance I might find the strength to brave
the journey ahead.
 
<Journey>
~

Sender  Sokoru~
Date    Thu Dec  6 07:16:57 2007~
Stamp   1196922894
Expire  1197785830
To      all~
Subject Horizon~
Text
It has been two days now, the weather has been fair to
my journey, and I seem to have found a hidden strength
to carry on. The ominous mountains loom far behind me,
tempest clouds casting shadows across them, bidding
warning I wish I had heeded when first I travelled to
them. My water supply is still ample, I have done my best
to conserve for fear I not find a spring or river for
days. Food is scarce, thus far the only animal I have
encountered made for a stingy, meager meal, but I was
more than thankful for the restful sleep it gave me
that night.
With every step the pain gnaws at my leg, reminding me
of the urgency of my journey; Every step threatens to
bring my worst anxieties to the fore. The farther I
get from the mountains the easier I find it to keep my
mind occupied. Perhaps I feel I am also putting distance
between myself and the events that took place; perhaps
the ever-growing amount of insects and birds bringing
these wetlands to life help to soothe my troubled mind.
 
Less than half a day ago I spotted a faint whisper of
smoke on the horizon, the calm air of the evening making
it clear enough to spot even from this far a distance.
Perhaps a fishing village? A camp of orcs? I know not.
I do know that it may hold the help I seek; at the very
least it means a comfortable cot and real food. As it
stands now, I should reach the source before afternoon
tomorrow, and I may even stop there until the following
day.
 
The northern wetlands hold beauty of an epic level, but
it is difficult to find dry shelter amidst the sparse,
ancient trees here. The water level is at least knee
height at most of them, blue-green algae spreading upwards
almost to my shoulders. The vibrant color of the algae
implies it is recent, perhaps acting as a guide to the
water levels here during the flood season. I am thankful
it has already passed.
 
The sun is approaching the horizon now, and I had left
my writings to recover what little dry timber I could
find. The fires light calms me, its heat bringing heavy
eyelids to me. The lower altitude and warmer air have
permitted me to use my cloak to rest my head upon, and
now I will retire until tomorrow.
 
I hope I awake.
 
<Horizon>
~

Sender  Vaez~
Date    Fri Dec  7 03:11:21 2007~
Stamp   1196993737
Expire  1197857488
To      all~
Subject Reborn~
Text
And just like that, Vaezeron woke up.

He thought it had all been horrible dream.  More precisely, 
he dreamt he had been killed. But in his own mind, he was a 
god, and thus, dying was a paradox to Vaezeron.

However, not very long after his awakening, Vaezeron
noticed something was different. His once white hair was 
now pitch black and reached all the way down to his feet. He 
also noticed his hands were enormous, and what used to 
have been fine dark skin was now rugged, almost leatherlike 
and black. Vaezeron, however, felt good and physically strong.

He vaguely remembered his own name. He shrugged at the 
thought and decided to call himself just Vaez. Short and simple.
His vocabulary was significantly decimated, eventhough he did 
not know it yet. With his intelligence severely halted, and his
whole personality twisted to an even darker and more ruthless
dimension, he stood up and headed for the nearest city.

Hungry for food. Hungry for something more...  
 
~

Sender  Sokoru~
Date    Fri Dec  7 22:28:39 2007~
Stamp   1197064838
Expire  1197926928
To      all~
Subject Encampment~
Text
When I at last found the river that marked the end of
the plains, I drank my fill and rested. The climates
constant change over the past three days seemed to give
new vitality to me, and I almost forgot my injuries en-
tirely, instead focusing on reaching the source of
yesterdays smoke. I could not be more than an hours journey
as it stood then, so after collecting myself I continued
onward. With such a short distance until this new goal I
found my strides longer and my step quickened, and it was
no more than one half hour before I saw the encampment,
contrasted by the spare beginnings of the great forest
just behind it. I keep my awareness about me, and began
towards the camp.
 
 
 
I was greetly warmly by all despite my appearance. The
entire encampment was composed of humans, all ages, all
working as a small community. I had anticipated, if not
hostility, then at least some withdraw at my presence,
assuming that any village or camp this isolated would
be unacquainted with any other species. After a brief
introduction between myself and a middle aged human male,
I learned that he was the self-appointed leader of the
others. On further inquiry I surprised that there was
no rejection of his leadership over them, and in fact most
were more than pleased with him. A curious, close knit
society, these humans have.
 
The human, who I learned later held the name Arcius, in-
sisted on introducing me to the rest of his family, and
I winced involuntarily as I stuggled to step after him.
This of course led to an explanation of my injuries,
which I had to finish on the way to the healing ward.
On seeing my wounds Arcius did not even wait for an
explanation, instead immediately summoning two younger
men, healthy in appearance, carrying a cot between them.
I continued the tale as I was carried quickly but gently
to the ward. Arcius compassion, as well as that of the
healers, was immense. He extended to me all use of the
village, and then summoned fresh water and bread to be
brought continously to ensure my comfort.
 
He excused himself from the tent, leaving me in the hands
of the healers. I would not dare to tell them the wound
was incurable, but rather, I hoped that somehow they
would do enough good to give me the strength and perser-
verance to carry on to Elvandar. Suddenly I was not in
a hurry, instead I wanted to rest, speak with the healer
of their village, and learn more of their history. The
healer, named Aikura, was kind, gladly answering all
questions I asked. Before long, night had fallen again.
Aikura left a healing salve by my cot, encouraging me
to apply it frequently during my stay, and to take the
rest for my journey.
 
That night, I dreamt of home.
 
<Encampment>
~

Sender  Vaez~
Date    Sat Dec  8 19:39:51 2007~
Stamp   1197139451
Expire  1198003218
To      all~
Subject Anthropophagy~
Text

Whilst walking a thick and flourishing forest, in search of 
civilization, Vaez kept thinking about food. Not just any 
food, but particularly meat. Fresh meat. Preferrably from 
carcasses; fresh flesh.

His newfound appetite for food was that of a cannibalistic 
nature, for sure. And although his mouth was dry, and his
throat so sore that parts of it were on the verge of developing 
an awful ulcer, his thirst for water did not by far match his 
thirst for, or more appropriately, addiction to, volatile and
burning beverages: alcohol. Alcohol in major masses. Vaez
found this completely natural. Actually, Vaez found mostly 
all things natural. His head was thick and his mind quite dim
and he didn't question much. 

First things first, Vaez thought. Meat, alcohol, and possibly 
some water. Until then, Vaez was not going to put any
effort in examining his physical or mental state. 
 
First. Things. First.
 
~

Sender  Naardov~
Date    Sat Dec  8 21:53:01 2007~
Stamp   1197148157
Expire  1198011190
To      all~
Subject My findings~
Text
After coming to this wretched plane, I have found myself 
getting away from what my race does best.  The mind attacks
The mind control.  I was getting tired of this in the other
planes that I have been too, but this plane just made it way
to easy and there was no point in doing it anymore.  I found
some old fool talking about the great power he has witnessed.
Talking of one being destroying life with just the flash of
his eyes.  At first I took him for what he looked like.  A
old drunk fool.  But I was a bit interested.  So I hid myself 
from view and listened to the old man for some time.  Some of
the things he said tore at me.  For this man could not have came
up with them on his own.  He did not have what it took in the 
metal area to come with such things.
 
When he was about to drift of into his slumber in the awful 
smelling ally, I brought myself into view, and asked him where
he had seen such things.  I think appearace was to much for the 
old fool, for he went into flight.  Not in the mood for a chase,
I let him run.  When I senced that he was beyound the mood for
running I opened a portal to him and stepped though.  The fear
in his eyes was enough to tell me that I must take it slow with
this fool.  I assured him that I was not here to bring him any
pain.  The look in his eyes was enough to let him know that he
did not beleave me.  I then told him look how easily I brought
myself to you.  If I wanted to cause you harm you would be dead
by now fool.
 
 
He settled a bit and I listened to his rambles for some time.
I had reached my limit with this fools babbling and I stood up.
I said this is taking way to long.  I have not the time for this.
And my lifetime would seem that of an immortal to you.  I took
matters into my own hands, and the simple route I must add.  I 
wrapped my tendrials around his head and devoured his thoughts.
The old drunk was telling the truth.
 
~

Sender  Naardov~
Date    Sat Dec  8 23:37:31 2007~
Stamp   1197154134
Expire  1198017482
To      all~
Subject looking for power~
Text
I spent many weeks hidden from the nekked eye of most 
beings, in the pubs and just on the streets of the greatest
gathering points.  Reading thought after thought, and listing 
to useless information time and time again.  I was getting
very frustrated with all of this.  I wanted to seek this power
that I had seen with my mind.  Weeks pass and I am fed up with 
it.  I must do somthing else to, or I shall lose my own mind.
I go to the pub looking for the bravest of the bunch to take
out the back door and slaughter, just to ease my mind.  but in 
this time I had already picked my target.  When some thing told
me to stay.  So I did just to see what happened.  At that time 
some young human had walked in the pub, with a great smile apon
his face.
 
It took no time for my target to single this young one out and 
start to bully him around.  I took some pleasue in this for I 
always love to watch the weak fall at the foot of the greater.
There was something about this one though that I did not like.
I set back and just watched.  After my target and his friends had 
beaten the young one and kicked him from the pub, I senced 
somthing.  The rage in the boy had me on ease.  It had been many
hundreds of years since I had senced such rage.  So leaving my
target behind I followed the young one to see what I could
learn.
~

Sender  Osimandius~
Date    Sun Dec  9 04:00:54 2007~
Stamp   1197170177
Expire  1198033294
To      all~
Subject Meeting with Kabrok~
Text
Days have passed since Vanryke died, maybe weeks. I do not know.
Since his death Ive completely lost track of time. All I have been 
doing is travelling back and forth. Just thinking. Hoping I would find  
an answer what to do next. But I cant seem to find a solution. I just dont
feel the same without my master. He's been a part of me since my youth.
he died so sudden. We didnt get to say goodbye. I feel so lost. We didnt
end what we started. I had to get some answers. But where? Who would be wise
enough to know what to do? I sat down and started thinking. 
Now and then I saw flashbacks in my head. Flashbacks of Vanryke, and the good
time we had. 
 
Kabrok came up in my head. Kabrok. The most respected elf in Elvander. He have
lived for a long long time, he must have some answers to my questions.
I must visit him. 
I've talked to Kabrok many times in the past. We get along good. I sent out
a messenger boy to let Kabrok know about my arrival. 
I packed a few of my things, and a little present for Kabrok. He's a fan of
the cinnamon rolls they sell in Sanaria. 
 
I sat down and started concentrating upon my transport spells. In an instant I appeared
within the gates of Elvander. The people there knew I was coming. They greeted me well.
Somehow they have heard of my past, and what has happened, they got more respect 
for me now. They have always had respect for me, but now they seem to think
more highly of me. 
I walked up to Kabroks personal guard, showed him my pass card, and he let me in.
 
Kabrok stood tall in his room when I entered, his back towards me. He then turned around.
"Osimandius, its been so long. I got your note, and Im glad you come to visit
me again. What brings you here?"
I told him the story. He knew most of it, but he still listened carefully
to everything I had to say, like he always does. He's a real good listener.
Sadly, this wise man could not help me much. Out of respect, he thought his
answers could send me in the wrong direction. 
I knew what he meant, and couldnt do anything else but to thank him for
his time. I had to seek someone else. But who? I left the room, and went 
to talk the citizens of this beautiful elven town.
~

Sender  Osimandius~
Date    Sun Dec  9 20:25:24 2007~
Stamp   1197229362
Expire  1198092332
To      all~
Subject The Creation~
Text
The meeting with Kabrok got me more confused, more frustrated.  I
knew what he meant when he told me he couldnt help me, but if he
cant, then who can?  I must find someone, but do not know who.  The
thought in my head is exausting me.  Im tired.  I walk around, just
thinking.  I can see elves around me greeting me.  But I do not greet
them back.  I walk, and study my feet as I walk.  Suddenly, theres a
smell I recognize.  A good smell.  I look up, and there she is. 
Selena.  She is the most beautiful elf of them all.  Atleast in my
opinion.  And the smell, she smells so good.  I start having a
conversation with her, and the conversation ends good.  She told me
to go see the Elvander King.  Ofcourse.  He is wise.  My last meeting
with the King he wasnt too happy.  He's been in a faul mood lately. 
He gave me his mighty staff if I promised him I would leave and never
bother him again.  But now I must.  I hope he wont want his staff
back.  Couple of rooms before the King, I meet some of his guardians,
they greet me.  They warn me about his mood.  I walk further and his
other guard starts pounding on me.  I tell him to stop, and I do some
of my mighty magic to show him Im capable of destroying him.  He
stops.  I nod in his direction, and he opens the door to the kings
chamber.  When I walk in I see the king behind a desk, and three
guards.  "Osimandius, we had an agreement.  And you dare to show up
again?  This better be important."  I started telling him my deal,
and he got more and more interested in what i had to say.  He looked
at the guards, and pointed towards the door.  They left.  I kept
talking for hours.  Just me and the King.  "Osimandius, what you
should do is ofcourse follow Vanrykes teachings.  And teach them to
others.  You must keep the heritage alive.  Remember what he did for
you, he believed in you."  I thought for a minute and said, "So be
it, he deserves it.  I will do it.  I must gather more people and
create a Council, together we will stand strong and teach magic to
everyone that follows us."  "Yes, yes, you must do this.  I will give
you the guards, and the people you will need to start this.  Do what
you do, and you will have towns all over Thera following your
believs."  "Thank you dear King.  From this day on, we will be known
as KANDOL, Council of El'Rath'Suum."  I thanked the King for his time
and his advise.  I left the town.  I will now look all over Thera for
worthy magicians to form the Council.  
~

Sender  Naardov~
Date    Tue Dec 11 07:13:35 2007~
Stamp   1197354524
Expire  1198217644
To      all~
Subject A part of the puzzle~
Text
I followed the young one for some time.  Almost to the 
point of just killing him my self when I seen him do 
something.  His eyes flashed red as he pointed at a small
bush.  The young bush started to wither and die.  This is 
the power I was seeking.  How could such a weak young fool
have a taste of this power and I have none.  I thought it 
best to see where the young one went.  he walked almost the
rest of the night before he desided to make a camp deep in
the wood.  I let the unknowing fool make his camp.  And watched
as he went to sleep.  I used what was left of my innate powers (
for they were falling fast away from the colective) just to read
his mind.  The journey was close to an end.  And I did not dare to
drain his mind and have a chance of losing such power.
 
The next morning I folloew the young one to the small mouth of a 
cave hidden deep within the wood.  As I entered I could fell some
power coming from the cave, but it was nothing like I was seaking.
The young one enetered into a large room of the cave when I heard 
a voice come from the shadows.  He said you have been followed you 
fool, as he steeped out of the shadows.  As the young one was starting
to speak I brought myself into view.  
 
The young one started to cast a spell when The old man said NO.  
He said he has greater power than both of us even in his weakened 
state.  I was wondering How he knew I was weakend and as he walked
close I noticed he was blind as well. I said it was the power I seek 
that has blinded you wasn't it.  He slowly nodded, and said do you 
think you can stand the power of the book?  Almost at shock I said
have you ever even seen a being with such power, now that I know
you can sence it.  He said yes I have seen one with more power than
you.  He is the one that showed me the book that took my sight.  I 
said old man you tier me.  I will drain your thoughts very soon if 
you do not show me where I can find this so called book of power.
~

Sender  Raelothin~
Date    Tue Dec 11 12:12:30 2007~
Stamp   1197372133
Expire  1198235559
To      all~
Subject The Raven~
Text
It's funny, really, how things can be forced from
our minds.  Primal, elemental things...that which we
would think we'd never forget.  Something like snow,
for instance.
 
 
  Obviously, there's no snow in the Underdark.  I
remember stumbling out of the open mouth of the
cave, and stepping onto Theran soil for the first
time in uncounted years.  The brightness.  The
searing, white, utterly unbearble BRIGHTness.  I
had forgotten entirely that such a thing existed.
Part of me was revolted that I could, and yet part
respected the thoroughness with which the League had
done their job.
 
 
  I remember my hand slipping under my shirt and
resting on something cold and hard - a small pendant,
carved in onyx.  A raven.  The namesake of my house,
Ravenhearst...a house long fallen.  Why was this 
pendant so important?  During my "reconditioning"
by the Assassin's League in Underdark, when all my
possessions and anything else of value had been stripped,
I'd kept this simple pendant hidden at great personal
risk.  Why risk punishment to hide a carved stone
that any market artisan could make?
 
 
  So many questions.  Shit.  I _hate_ questions.
I can't even remember how it all started.  I just 
remember doing what they told me.
 
 
-Ravenhearst
~

Sender  Osimandius~
Date    Tue Dec 11 21:32:53 2007~
Stamp   1197405506
Expire  1198269181
To      all~
Subject The Plague~
Text
I left Elvander with the guards and citizens the Elven King had
given me.  After a couple of days walking, the citizens were
exausted, so we decided to camp in the forest.  There were still a
few days left of walking before we would reach the gates of Sanaria,
but we werent in a hurry.  After setting the camp, I left the group
to go work for the experienced human some.  His rewards would only do
me good.  I worked for him for about a day and a half when I suddenly
heard my own people yelling, screaming in huge pain.  I quickly
rushed back to the camp.  When i arrived, I saw the citizens all
sick, the guards sick.  Everyone was sick.  A huge plague had spread
through the forest during the night and made them all sick.  I did
not know what to do.  People already started dying.  I screamed for
help, but no one heard my screams.  Two days later, the last citizens
died.  I was all alone again.  This was a sign from above.  I wasnt
meant to lead this Kingdom.  
~

Sender  Vaez~
Date    Thu Dec 13 23:16:22 2007~
Stamp   1197584255
Expire  1198448199
To      all~
Subject The hunger in the djungle.~
Text
 
The forest surrounding Vaez became thicker and thicker
and his hunger worse and worse.  His stomach cried for
food,  and he could hardly breathe due to the terrible
wounds in his throat. 

As he ventured further in the forest, an eerie feeling
tingled in Vaez' mind. He felt connected to the forest
and it was like it was trying to communicate with him.

"Food, ahead. Flesh, ahead. Yum-yum, ahead.", it said.
Surely,Vaez listened the voices giving him directions
and obeyed them intensely. What else could he do? Vaez
was hungry, so hungry.. All other problems could wait.
Not much was circulating in Vaez' head:

"..empty stomach.. ..fresh flesh.. ..itchy need.."

He could hear something in the forest, he could really
feel he was getting closer. The ground was getting wet
and muddy. The trees seemed larger than before and the
leaves seemed greener. "Close now. Close ahead. Really
close.", the voice told him.

He could hear something. Was it his heartbeat? Was the
voice speaking to him? He heard drums, bongodrums. 

Vaez saw a clearing ahead. He saw a big bonfire ahead.

"..need.. ..flesh.. ..food there..? ..there.. home..?"
 
~

Sender  Mahonegon~
Date    Wed Apr 15 17:33:59 2009~
Stamp   1239810480
Expire  1240673672
To      all~
Subject Observations from a rock~
Text
Storm clouds gathered, clashing together, roiling within and
without one another in a leaden grey soup of crackling energy
that was almost ethereal.  The heavy air tanged of ozone, but
it felt good to the giant's nostrils.  Storm air was a special
kind of air - the kind that promises renewal and washing away
all previous stagnation.  Noon could have passed for late evening,
and the giant moved on.
 
-
 
His strides were long and powerful, carrying his nearly 10 foot
frame easily through the tall trees and moss-covered ground of
Thera's thick, virgin forests.  These trees had never been cut
by any hand.  The world was vast, still.  Far and away from the
heavy metropoli in which the majority of the world's denizens
dwelt, the giant could know peace.  The giant could know quiet.
The giant could know the Gods.
 
-
 
Finally, he came upon a long, large outcropping of rocks.  They
looked out over a deep valley through which a wide, winding river
snaked.  This place was special to him, the spot where he came 
almost every day to perform mediations and give thanks to the Gods.
It didn't matter to him what Gods listened to his prayers.  To the
giant, they were all the same - different aspects of the one true
World Spirit.  The Gods were the World's children, and such petty
dimensions like "good" and "evil" were beneath something as vast
and incomprehensible as the World.  This philosophy suited him
well, for he was a Mountain Giant
 born of the earth and able to
speak its secret languages.
 
-
 
Legend spoke of this place where he sat, the high eyrie known
as Eagle Rock.  The legend spoke of a God, a deity of Nature,
who once made His dwelling here.  The Giant knew nor cared not
if this legend was true, but there was no denying the power
inherent in this place.  The very trees and stones spoke of it,
of something grand passing this way, once long ago.  They
could not forget it, for the memory of the mountains is long.
 
 
-
 
Finishing his mediations, the giant stood tall and gazed out
over the far valley below.  He gave a great bellow and let
it echo down across the river.  Then, he finished with his
daily litany and manta.
 
"{cI am Mahonegon, seventh son of Buckonghelas,
Strider of the Deep Forests,
Wielder of the World Spirit's power,
He who was born of the Running Wind,
and he who shall one day ride the lightning.
May the Gods send I never forget who I am.{x"
 
 
-
 
 
The giant strode on.
~

Sender  Allohak~
Date    Wed Apr 22 05:32:18 2009~
Stamp   1240372388
Expire  1241235154
To      all~
Subject Bones of History~
Text
The lone gargoyle soared just below the cloudline as the verdant
hills of Thera rolled on below.  His heavy, muscled frame was
easily supported by his powerful wings, even though he was 
wearing full armor.  Wind tore at his hair, and he let it fly
free, flashing silver in the mid-morning sun.  He thought it
amsuing that he could turn this long, free-flying hair to
cold, solid stone at a moment's notice.  After nearly a half
hour of flight, the gargoyle saw a black blotch atop a hill
far below.  He had come to his destination.
 
--
 
Allohak landed gracefully, stepping down atop the muddy ground
of early spring with his heavy bootsoles.  A tower of night-black
stone rose steadily before him, with crenellations peeking out
far above.  The centaurs roaming the surrounding valley paid him
no mind as he strode past them, up the cobbled path leading to
the dark spike of the Tower of Wyverns.
 
--
 
 
The first thing he noticed were the statues.  Dark, stumped and
evil things they were, almost cruel in their mockery of the
nobility of the gargoyle race.  Whatever these things were,
they were not of the Gargoi.  Perhaps they came to life at night,
or perhaps they were made for some fell purpose.  He could tell,
if he wanted to know.  He could touch them and know their story.
Unfortunately for them, he didn't quite give a damn right now.
 
--
 
 
The stones of this tower were old.  They felt ice-cold to his
large hands as he ran them over their notched surface.  Within
seconds, his mind connected with the soul of the rocks, and their
story was his to read.  It was as easy as someone reading a book,
to one trained in the art.  His mind traversed the ages, marching
along with the footsteps of countless adventurers who had come
to seek the treasure of Wyvern Tower.  Wandering thoughts then
picked up something more dark, something buried deeper in the tower's
past.  There, close to the north of him...there had been something
scratched on a heavy door long ago.  The mark of a claw, a mark
long faded.  Who had met behind that door, and why had they marked
it so?
 
---
 
After nearly a twenty minutes, a blurry vision came to him.  He
saw grim and dark figures meeting behind that door, though he
could not begin to guess how long ago it had been.  The group
itself was a motley collection of Thera's darkest races - drow,
trolls, and fell humans.  A large pentagram with a red demon's
claw was marked on their table, glit in obsidian.  They were
being addressed by a grim, pale human in night-black platemail.
 
 
---
 
 
The group suddenly rotted away to skeletons, and his vision
broke.  It was a bright spring day once again, and the cold
stone sat silent.  Allohak shook his head.  He had no use
for this Wyvern Tower, and the gargoyles it harbored.  He
spat on the black wall, and slipped back into the sky.
~

Sender  Zalev~
Date    Fri May 15 21:59:37 2009~
Stamp   1242418248
Expire  1245009600
To      all~
Subject A Grand Discovery!!~
Text
The Rangers of the deep forest were cutting away in the forest 
to the south of Sanaria today stocking up on wood for what 
has been said to be one of the worst winters Thera has ever
seen.
 
After hours of cutting away the Rangers ran into what seemed to be
a hilly area with no more trees to cut.  As they looked up the hill
they noticed a path.  A path that had never been traveled by them
before.  The Rangers were puzzled for they knew all of the forest
that surrounded them but had never before seen this mountainous
area.  They decided to proceed up the path and see what lie ahead.
 
The path through the foothills took them to a wide gravel paved
road which then lead to a steep paved road that lead up the hills.
Atop the hills they came upon a huge gate.  The gate was huge,
about tweleve feet tall, the wrought-iron was thick but beautifully 
decorated.  One of the rangers pushed slightly on one side of the
gate and the gate swung open.
 
They entered the city to being their exploration......
~

Sender  Kormien~
Date    Tue May 19 18:47:56 2009~
Stamp   1242752521
Expire  1243615688
To      all~
Subject Scenes from memories~
Text
The pale Theran sun began to its slow descent behind the peaks
south of Sanaria.  A lone figure sat, silently watching the
yellow orb slip beyond the horizon for another night.  It
was getting late in the spring, but the sun had little to no
power this day.  The last desperate gasps of chill filled
the air for the year, and it would only get colder at night.
The temperature did not touch the figure, however.  He felt
it, but he ignored it the way one could choose to either be
bothered by an insect crawling on the hand, or simply let it
be.
-
As the sun slipped into a thin orange sliver and then was
no more, Kormien sa'Gorn turned his attention back to his
small cookfire.  He broke off a few more dry sticks, feeding
the newly-eager flames.  A small tripod was situated over
the fire, and soon the comforting aroma of his favorite tea
swelled in his nostrils.  It had been weeks since he'd left
the confines of the city, continuing his training among the
far-reaching leagues of nature.  He had learned much in the
churches and monasteries, traveling the far-flung reaches of
Thera's shores...yet there remained still the spiritual side
of a monk's journey -- that which could not come with complete
mastery of body alone.  The soul must be mastered, too.
-
Faded, purple twilight settled in as Kormien gently poured
a cup of tea.  He took a testing sip, his eyes shifting
from the approaching night and to his cup.  When they looked
back, he beheld a world wholly alien to him.  The night-birds
who had recently begun their songs turned to a hideous, blaring
and other worldly screech.  Night-dew that was beginning to
settle on the ground became something thick, viscous and
completely foul.  The images of the trees around him started
to waver, and the world exploded into darkness.
-
"Here we are again," a voice said to him from the inky black
void.  "You're a lot different, this time.  More disciplined
than I'd imagined."  Kormien thought he heard a soft laugh
from the murk.  "Maybe harder to break.  But really, all that
means is that it'll be more fun for me."
~

Sender  Kormien~
Date    Wed May 20 00:38:32 2009~
Stamp   1242773680
Expire  1243636717
To      all~
Subject Nothing dies~
Text
Kormien was on his feet immediately, a fluid motion that
took him from a sitting posture to standing in a fraction
of a second.  It had been one of the first things he'd learned.
"Who are you?" he demanded of the darkness.  The darkness
responded by laughing - softly, mockingly, maddeningly.  
"You don't know me...you really don't.  Not this time."
The voice had a quality to it akin to slight wonder.  
"No matter," it continued on as if Kormien had not spoken.
"In time, you will serve me again.  You always have."
-
Scanning the surrounding forest, even Kormien's sharp
grey eyes could detect no movement, and he could hear
no noises to betray the source of the hidden voice.
"I don't know who you are, but you'd better stop talkin
in riddles.  I serve no lord or nation."  He added in
a tone that was slightly louder than intended, "I am
my own man."  The hidden voice laughed all the harder.
"Oh...this is incredible.  Rich!  You truly have no
concept of who you are or the things you have done."
Kormien continued to scan around himself for any sign
of the concealed taunter.  "I know myself, fool.  I
have studied since my youth to know myself.  It is the
main tenant of my life.  I am Kormien sa'Gorn, and I
was born in Marinburg."  The voice chortled.  "Marinburg,
you say?  Are you sure it wasn't Maderia?"  Firelight
reflected the puzzlement on Kormien's face.  "Maderia?
I've never heard of it."  "That's because it doesn't
exist anymore," the voice smoothly said.  "It is gone,
lost to time like many other towns, nations and mighty
Kingdoms.  And," the voice added slyly, "covens."
Have you no recollection at all of Maderia?
-
A memory came to Kormien then, wholly unbidden.  He
was a small boy, running through the streets of a
strange town.  He was alone, shunned by the other
children.  He didn't share their sports and games,
didn't understand when they would moon over the town
girls and snicker about their real or imagined feminine
conquests.  While they tried to sneak just one sip
of the famous "fruit punch" brew, the one that would
make you feel like running a marathon, he skulked by
himself.  There was no friendship, and no love at his
home.  Alone...all alone.  It started that summer when
he was twelve, the first time the Abyss spoke to...
-
Like the smoke from his fire, the memory was gone.
It made no sense at all to him.  He had a wonderful
childhood, and his decision to lead the life he did
came from a genuine passion to travel the world.  The
sad little boy from his vision was obviously him, but
also obviously not him.  "You WILL keep out of my head,
whoever the hell you are!  I'll not have you harboring
these false memories in me."  The voice pealed with
laughter.  "You don't know the half of it, worm."
~

Sender  Kormien~
Date    Wed May 27 12:56:18 2009~
Stamp   1243423303
Expire  1244285783
To      all~
Subject Mirrors of the World~
Text
    Without warning, the deceptive, annoyingly smug voice
from the darkness was gone.  Night, fully-settled in and
inky black, lay heavily on the woods surrounding Kormien's
small campfire.  Warily, Kormien walked a slow circuit around
his fire, scanning the treeline.  There HAD been a voice, he
was sure of it.  A flitter of motion caught his attention,
and something grabbed his arm suddenly.  It was best described
as a tendril of blackness molded to the shape of a hand.  The
hand that was not a hand closed on his forearm with a cold
surety that seemed to sap all energy from him.
-
    The world flickered.  The smug voice laughed in his ear.
"You'll see that I'm telling you the truth.  Your heart already
believes me, but you will see."  Kormien shook his head, his
black hair falling down over his eyes.  "I will believe nothing
you show me," he tried to say, but everything came out as a
mumble.  Laughing again, the voice continued.  "You have served
me in your past lives, and you will serve me again.  Only throuhg
me have you ever achieved some semblance of glory in this world.
Only through ME will you ever find purpose.  It is forseen, and
it will happen.  It HAS happened."  With that, the world dimmed
again.
-
    The wind blew cold, a late autumn wind pregnant with the
threat of the first snow of the season.  Kormien could see a
figure standing high upon a stone rampart of a tower made of
night-black stone.  He recognized it as Wyvern Tower, but he
didn't know humans had inhabited its grounds.  His musings
were immediately cut short by the jolting realization that he
was staring at a mirror image of himself - though not an exact
one.  The other had longer black hair, and his flesh seemed
more pallid,  Smudges of red highlighted the underside of his
iron-grey eyes as if he hadn't slept in a long while.  The other 
was clad from head to toe in a fine, almost sinuous suit of
black plate-and-chain armor.  His gauntleted hands were clasped
behind his back, and his gaze was northward.  The cold wind
flapped at his fine cloak, and Kormien could see that the breast
was emblazoned with a stylized, red claw.
-
    Another figure approached the other Kormien.  This one was
a slim drow female, her form making not a sound as she slipped
up behind him.  The drow whispered something in the other Kormien's
ear, and he laughed.  Abruptly he spoke.  "I'm glad to hear that
the Kintane campaign is moving smoothly.  That one was a logistics
nightmare."  The drow nodded.  "You're telling me, sa'Gorn.  The
pacification efforts among the few citizens left there have also
been a success."  Other Kormien gave a slight chuckle.  "Pacification.
I hadn't realized we were using such euphemisms, now.  Next thing
you know, we'll be as kind and gentle as a Gondorian Knight."  The
drow threw back her head and laughed.  "You know as well as I that
the Demon Lord has to keep a balance between outright rapacity and
a semblance of a public face.  We still need trade, and supplies,
and -"  Other Kormien cut her off.  "I don't need a lecture from
you about the finer points of politics.  It just amuses me, is all.
Of course, Trythog is an amusing man.  Nevertheless, I wanted to
ask you what you wanted done with the children we captured.  Some
of them are old enough to work."  The drow nodded.  "True, but
most will be whining and useless.  Tell you what...kill four out
of every five of them.  Fear will motivate the rest -- either to
work hard for us, or just to simply live and spread the tale of
the horrors visited upon them by the Demons of Narssius."  The
other Kormien smiled.  "And here I thought this would be a boring
morning."
-
    Kormien shuddered with revulsion.  To speak so casually of
murdering children...what kind of monsters WERE these people?
A thought came to him, creeping slowly, almost unbidden.  HE
was this kind of monster...at least, he had been.  Kormien
screamed, and the world flickered again.
~

Sender  Kormien~
Date    Sun Jun  7 00:40:11 2009~
Stamp   1244329183
Expire  1245192032
To      all~
Subject Down in a hole~
Text
The world flickered, and Kormien's vision settled.  He could
see the dark, torch-lit chamber as if he were standing in it,
though he knew he was not.  Shifting shadows slid across the
surface of the rough-hewn stone, mercurial afterimages cast
by the russet glow of dozens of torches.  He saw himself
again, or at least that mirror version of himself that he had
taken to calling the Other.  He was dressed once again in the
black mail-and-plate armor, and his Other self was sitting
in the middle of a huge, finely-drawn pentagram on the cold
stone floor.  A large sheaf of musty vellum sheets was spread
out before him, and he was softly chanting.
-
"Demons of Night!" the Other's voice droned in a chant, picking
up cadence as he continued.  "Demons of Night, we wrap ourselves
in your love.  By your Webs of Fear we are cloaked, wearers of
the Night's Vestment."  A deep, heavy rumble could be heard, and
the floor began to shake.  Other Kormien was close to shouting
in order to be heard over the cacaphony.  "I summon forth the
Coven to establish a nation on the face of Thera.  By the grace
of the Canticle--"  The ground shook more violently, and the
lines of the pentagram began to glow with an unearthly eldritch
light.  Momentarily, they began to break the stone floor apart.
"By the grace of the Canticle Nocturna, the name of Torsanctus
will bleed this world!"  Fire gutted the stone floor as the 
pieces blew apart, and a wordless roar of fury erupted from
an unholy nether region.  "WOULD YOU SUMMON US?  WOULD YOU
WIELD US?  ARE WE YOUR TOOL?"  the voice boomed.  Other Kormien
sat huddled in a corner, rapt.  "I live only to serve, Demons!
I claim no lordship over you."  Cruel laughter.  "THAT IS WELL,
KORMIEN SA'GORN.  YOU AND YOUR DEMON LORD ARE KNOWN TO US.  WE
ACCEPT THE READING OF THE CANTICLE, AND THE INVOKING OF THE
HOLY BYWORD OF TORSANCTUS.  COME PAY THE PRICE!"
-
With that, the Other Kormien was lifted off his feet.  His back
and arms went rigid, and a sickly green glow enveloped him in
a hellish embryonic rime.  Something left him in that instant,
something he would never get back, something he did not care
to get back.  When it all was over, he lay panting in a heap. A
solid white streak ran through his hair now, a reminder of what
was paid and lost.  A solid white streak...
-
"My Gods, a streak just like the one in my hair now."  Kormien's
hand went absently to his longish mop of black hair, interrupted
only by that odd streak.  The mocking voice in his head snickered.
"What, you thought it was just a strange anomaly?  I promise you,
Kormien sa'Gorn -- you are marked.  Who you were defines who you
shall be.  Nothing you can do will take you from my grasp."  
Kormien snarled at the darkness.  "Even if all this you've been
showing me is true, it still doesn't make any difference.  Even
if I did live those lives...those horrible lives, it has no bearing
on the man I am today.  You have no bearing!"  The voice smiled,
though how he felt that Kormien had no idea.  "Go on thinking that,
if it makes you feel better.  Grow and learn, and cultivate your
body and mind.  I am a patient man...my kind always is.  I'll see
you around, sa'Gorn."
~

Sender  Gehanon~
Date    Wed Aug 26 14:52:46 2009~
Stamp   1251291912
Expire  1252155205
To      all~
Subject The Quiet Place~
Text
'It never gets old', the gargoyle thought to himself as he soared
high above the world.  The thin clouds of a brilliantly clear late
summer day sluiced by him as the slipped through their lower regions.
Their air still held some heat, but there was also a touch of coolness
that hinted the oncoming of autumn.  No, flying was one thing that
would never lose its charm for him.
 
 
  Gehanon soared upward, looped, and then began a dive that would
take him down to a secluded spot he knew high in the Theran mountains.
The leaves were already taking on their fall colors here in the high
country, with thick greens melting into touches of yellow and orange.
Spotting a bare rock exposed on the high peak of a mountain, he made
his final descent.
 
 
  Touching down was a surprisingly delicate and light maneuver for
one of his size, and all of his seven foot frame hardly seemed to
matter as his toe lightly made contact with the rocky surface.  The
gargoyle settled himself down and folded his wings parallel to his
broad, muscular back.  Silence only broken by the occasional welcome
cry of a hawk or passing eagle engulfed him.  Far, far below he
could see Thera unfold - her green, rolling hills that sometimes
turned into grey and brown towering peaks, some that never seemed
to lose winter's touch.  He felt the stone below him, touching it
with his innate gargoyle senses, feeling the complex makeup of mineral
deposits and quartz that comprised the hard surface.  Instinctively,
he let himself slide into his stone form...and became a grey, quiet
formation seeking the wisdom of the silence of high places.
~

Sender  Kormien~
Date    Wed Sep  2 19:41:14 2009~
Stamp   1251914145
Expire  1252777279
To      all~
Subject Relics~
Text
Kormien eyed the draconian warily, glancing from the myriad
items hanging on the walls of the small shop, and back to the
scaled visage of it's proprietor.  Useless chattel, most of it.
Every once in a while his steel-grey eyes fell on something that
might be what it seemed.  An ancient gilded lampstand, marked
with the crest of Aldon.  He remembered meeting the Aldonian
Battlemages in their tents, reviewing maps and maneuvers by
the magical light of those lamps.  The pass into Gondor should
be assailable, the scouts.......no.  He could not...would not
let himself slip back into those memories.  That time was past,
and the future was now.
 
 
 His gaze spied a large, black tome bound in worked leather.
Fingers dancing across the smooth cover, he barely suppresed
a shudder.  What in the--?  Creaking with age, the cover gave
way to the contents inside.  Kormien couldn't help the involuntary
start he gave as he read the preface.  An ancient treatise on
the ways of Darkness, a fell language from the ancient Daemon
Realms.  The words, he could recall by heart.  The song, one
he had sung long ago.  The Canticle Nocturna of Torsanctus.  It
also happened to be a total forgery.
 
 
 "You're slipping, Gephrax," he told the draconian behind the
counter.  "You don't often let fakes this obvious slip through."
Eyes widening in feigned shock, the dragonman snorted.  "Fake or
no, it was hard to come by.  I just find the things and sell them,
yes?  Are you going to buy it or not?"  Kormien said nothing, and
Gephrax continued.  "I thought not.  You haven't bought anything
here lately, but you come more and more just to look at the new
items I acquire."  The draco held up a heavy golden seal, eyeing
it in the light.  "You like this?  Belonged to Lord Dwayne himself."
 
 
 Kormien grunted noncommittally.  Why DID he continue to come to
this place?  To stare at junk?  To immerse himself in a time that
would never come again?  Could it ever come again?  Likely not.
His kingdom, gone.  Trythog, his commander and best friend, gone.
His purpose, gone, as was his world.  All gone.  He tossed gold
on the counter, more than enough, and tucked the book under his
arm.
~

Sender  Mahonegon~
Date    Mon Oct 26 15:55:53 2009~
Stamp   1256569680
Expire  1257432966
To      all~
Subject Golden Brown~
Text
A wind rose in the west.  It carried with it the barest 
hint of winter to come, one that had a bite felt deeper
in the mountains and highgrounds.  As it roared down the
slopes and into the foothills it became milder, sweeping
up the wet, earthy scent of fallen leaves.  Winter was
coming, but for right now the golden hues of autumn held
sway.
-
The giant sat alongside a deep, clear stream.  It was a
waterway of the ancient kind -- slow, meandering and
purposeful.  Never in a loud rush like the young rivers.
It had carved its way over countless years, steadily
forging a path through the skin of Thera.  How like the
giantkin, he thought.  Slow, not because of stupidity,
but because one had to be careful when you stood over
ten feet tall and could twist off young trees in your
fist.  Steady, like the giant's purposeful stride.  It
was a good metaphor.  The giant smiled.
-
A green turtle slipped into a cascading pool of water.
The giant had been watching the creature for a good half
hour, poking its head out tentatively as it rested on the
streambank.  The giant smiled again.  From what he knew
of animals, the turtle would be seeking a place to hide
for the coming winter soon.  Perhaps he was the last being
to see the bright green reptile with its red-striped head
before the spring thaws.  He would probably see it again
next year.  His father once spoke of a turtle who lived
for many generations of men.  Perhaps giants were like 
turtles, as well.
-
The giant stood, brushing red-hued maple and sycamore leaves
from his leather breeches.  The sun would be slipping
behind the mountains for the night, and he wanted to be
able to watch it from the High Place.  Taking up his
mighty hammer, he slipped it into his belt loop.  And the
giant strode on.
~

