Sender  Mortu~
Date    Sat Sep  2 18:27:28 2000~
Stamp   967912517
Expire  968516857
To      all~
Subject Kuco's demise.~
Text
In the dark of night, I Mortu swore my allegiance to the
covenance of Mordukhan. Before my master Malgorian I kneeled
giving my promise that my dagger would be wet with Argus
blood untill they understand that Mordukhan will not bend
to their oppression.
Today my first victim fell. Kuco of Argus suffered a swift
uneventfull death without much pain. I left his corpse empty
for the crows to pick at. Reporting my first assassination to
Malgorian he was pleased, and he he said to carry on this way
untill he told me otherwise.
I know serve both Mordukhan and TBH, and no Argus scum shall
be safe in my presence.
 
si fly
 
Mortu, Assassin in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Coerl~
Date    Sat Sep  2 21:01:57 2000~
Stamp   967921329
Expire  968526122
To      all~
Subject Tulkas~
Text
Read board rp
~

Sender  Mortu~
Date    Sat Sep  2 22:22:58 2000~
Stamp   967926434
Expire  968530990
To      all~
Subject Gustave's demise.~
Text
I couldn't believe my luck when yet another Argus pig
turned up in Sanaria, and remembering my orders from
Malgorian I quickly crept inside the city gate and ran
towards his position. He was completely unprepared for
my attack, yet I still managed to miss with my backstab.
The battle raged but it was obvious I had the upper hand
as kept kicking his feet away while lashing at him with
my dagger, while he hardly landed any hits on me.
Thus Gustave was soon dead, and I earned another victory
for The Covenance of Mordukhan.
 
 
Mortu, Assassin in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Aegrath~
Date    Sat Sep  2 23:56:53 2000~
Stamp   967932106
Expire  968536622
To      all~
Subject Akuji~
Text
After a long time of hiding, I noticed Akuji had returned to the
realms. I quickly prepared for an encounter, knowing it is often
a fatal mistake to underestimate an opponent. I was aware that
he had no knowledge of my presence, and I tracked him down, but
wasn't able to find him anywhere, until I stumbled upon
one of Argus' loyal dragon which I knew rarely travelled alone.
I waited patiently near the beast, until Akuji suddenly
arrived from nowhere...I didn't hesitate, and with a swift move I
knocked him to the ground...even with the aid of his dragon, he didn't
stand a chance. Akuji died and I pillaged his remainings.
 
Another Argus has fallen...
 
Lord Aegrath of Mordukhan
~

Sender  Vaezeron~
Date    Sun Sep  3 00:18:43 2000~
Stamp   967934175
Expire  968537926
To      all~
Subject The death of Sirrah~
Text
Today was a good day for Mordukhan. So long, 4 Argus
members has faced death and you start to wonder what-
ever happened to this once respected kingdom. What's 
left of it now is just pathetic. 
  The war began a long time ago, and no one even knows
why nowadays. 
 
I can feel the war ending, I can see the scared faces.
I can hear the frightened screams, I have even noticed
members of Argus complaining about this war.
But the disrespecting and arrogance shown to Mordukhan
by Argus will never be forgotten. 
This was proven today, lastly by me, as I just slayed
Sirrah. This particular person was indeed hated by us
Mordukhans for obvious reasons and I was very greatful
for being the one who found and killed him. 
It was almost too easy, and I don't understand why he 
almost didn't fight back. 
I didn't think a man with such a big mouth would be 
such a big looser, unable to defend himself.
 
Now, many of you may wonder where I have been, and I'm
going to be honest, there were times when I considered
taking my life. To just end it all, the suffering, the
pain and the hopelessness. I am embarrassed but it is
the truth.
But what made me change my mind was revenge. I wanted
to be standing next to a corpse, knowing that it was I
who was guilty for it. Knowing that I caused this pig's
life to end. And it's a satisfying feeling I might tell
you. And I hope I'll feel it again, soon.
~

Sender  Kanshin~
Date    Sun Sep  3 01:01:34 2000~
Stamp   967935824
Expire  968540499
To      all~
Subject Tulkas's fall~
Text
Today I saw him in the city of Sanaira. I have been hunting
this thief for months and months now and finnaly I saw him
sleeping in the salvation temple. I quickly run up to him
and quietly put my point of dagger in his back. It sanks in
through his heart and I threw him on the floor and left him 
dead. However I could not get the sword back because He was
carrying no backpack and no sword!
 
Kanshin {DThe Dark{x
~

Sender  Aegrath~
Date    Sun Sep  3 19:37:37 2000~
Stamp   968003058
Expire  968607461
To      all~
Subject Akuji~
Text
My leader was in the vicinity of Sanaria, when he noticed the
presence of Akuji of Argus. I ran there as fast as possible, but
when I arrived, it appeared the grand prodigy had left. Due to
a previous encounter with the dreaded Argus, I was aware that they
were able to swift into another plane, undetectable by mortal
eyes, so I waited patiently. Suddenly I noticed his presence at the
Nexon inn, and I hurried over there, but once again he had disappeared.
 
After several hours, he once again returned to the prime plane, and
this time I was prepared. I charged into combat with my loyal
witchelf by my side, and in the matter of seconds, the body
of Akuji fell to the ground...again.
 
Here is a message to all of you Argus members...Mordukhan is out there,
and you will not know how or when, but as long as your members of
Argus you will die by time.
 
Reject Argus or die
 
Lord Aegrath of Mordukhan
~

Sender  Sylias~
Date    Fri Sep  8 21:59:01 2000~
Stamp   968445062
Expire  969047986
To      all~
Subject The Death of Paladar~
Text
It had been ages since my diety had spoken to me, and
my life was without direction.  I had been doing nothing
from day to day except helping some people I felt were
worthy of it.
 
That all changed recently.
 
I awoke in a cold sweat from dreams of fire and clashing
swords.  At the foot of my bed was the little imp again.
I'm starting to get a little tired of him.  They need to
start sending something a little more fearsome.
 
Unlike previous visits, the imp simply had a note, which
he handed to me.  It read as follows:
 
  Sylias, you have served me well in the past.  But, you
  have not done anything to deserve the powers I give you
  in quite a while.  I am about to change that.  You will
  seek out someone who represents order and goodness, and
  I think you know what to do next.  I will leave it up
  to you to pick a target.
 
I thought about this for a while, then it came to me.
A Defender of Good known as Paladar had been rubbing me the
wrong way for quite some time.  His power was also dwarfed
by mine.  Seemed like a good enough target to me.
 
Using simple verbal deception, I lured the hapless paladin
into the Enchanted Realms, and summoned him into the chamber
of the Good Cleric, despite the cleric's protesting of my
violent act.  Somehow, Paladar managed to sidestep one of
my attempts to knock him to the ground, and ran away.
 
For quite a few days, Paladar was afraid to come anywhere
near civilization for fear of me.  I had all the time in
the world, so I set up an ambush.  I waited.  A few weeks
passed, and finally Paladar must have run out of supplies,
because I got word that he had come back to town.  I
summoned him into the vault with me, and my trap had been
sprung.
 
Paladar stood there dumbfounded.  I almost started to
fight him, then realized that I was still holding my
candle, rather than my shield.  Silly me.  I always seem
to forget something.  As I put on my shield, Paladar
made a quick prayer to his god, and an aura surrounded
him that would protect him from my attacks.  I attacked
him anyway, to his surprise.
 
My flail struck him repeatedly, always bouncing off his
body due to the aura.  Unfortunately for Paladar, he
couldn't seem to touch me with his weapon.  I didn't
even need an aura to protect myself.  Eventually, his
aura ran out.  My crushing blows started to land.
As I proceeded to beat him down, he realized that he
wasn't going to make it.  He started pleading to me
to stop.  I laughed.  He started begging me to stop.
I laughed harder.  He then removed all his equipment,
and placed it all into a backpack, nice and neat for
me to take.  I can't say that he isn't courtious.
 
A blow from my flail struck home, and Paladar's poor
little dwarven head was crushed.  I took his backpack
as a prize, and left.
 
I awoke the next morning, and felt my strength renewed
once again.
 
- Sylias
~

Sender  Niyon~
Date    Sat Sep  9 05:40:38 2000~
Stamp   968471139
Expire  969075647
To      All~
Subject altherion ~
Text
ok i was practicing my skills in the deep reigons of the 
forest south of the town known as shire when all of a sudden 
this poor thief named altherion tryed to steal from me
he was succesfull he took all of my weeks worth of rations 
although i ahve plenty of money and can buy more rations 
i will not tolerate being stolen from 
so i spelled my self up and prepared for battle.  I was
rather suprised how weak altherion was all it took me 
was to esp him and trap him in a state of confusedness and i 
slaughtered him so much that all of the pieces in his body became 
a colorful pink mist.  I WILL NOT TOLERATE CRAP. 
 
 
have a nice day 
 
Niyon
~

Sender  Daisanor~
Date    Sat Sep  9 06:49:56 2000~
Stamp   968475217
Expire  969079810
To      all~
Subject Altherion's Death~
Text
I was asleep at the healer.  I awoke to find myself
under the influence of a powerful charm spell by the
thief Altherion.  He made me remove all of my equipment,
then started to make me give pieces to him.  I came to
my senses and put what was left of my stuff back on,
and attacked him.  He ran away.  I chased him around
Sanaria for a while, occasionally jumping him, but I
couldn't keep him from running.  I wounded him though,
and he needed to buy potions to heal.  I snuck up on
him at the potion shop, and tripped his feet out from
under him.  I jabbed my dagger into him numerous times,
and he died without even putting a scratch on me.
Unfortunately, due to a mentally lacking janitor, I
wasn't able to retrieve my lost equipment, and Altherion
got it all back.  I pledge that I will get what was
stolen from me back, and more.  I have my kingdom behind
me in my actions.
 
Daisanor
~

Sender  Kazmir~
Date    Sat Sep  9 08:25:55 2000~
Stamp   968480804
Expire  969690366
To      all~
Subject Note removed!~
Text
[  10] Gage: MY Untimely demise
Was remover is was pure ooc note and hat will not do on this board
 
Kazmir
~

Sender  Gage~
Date    Sat Sep  9 08:49:56 2000~
Stamp   968482986
Expire  969087002
To      all~
Subject my death ~
Text
As wandering thougout sanaria as i do usually i saw that my 
kingdom members were in a bit of a scuffle with one known 
as altherion or something cant remeber because i had a bad head wound
as i wasnt in the right state of mind i must have been following him
or something. I felt weird following someone that was attacking my
kingdom members. I suddenly saw the many scrolls of seduction 
sticking out of his pocket! I noticed then he had me in a trance! 
He made me remove all my clothing and garbs as i thought to 
myself "IS THIS GUY ONE OF THOSE THEY CALL A 'FRUIT'!"
I started yelling for my kingdoms help but he was doing 
the same to them. This "FRUIT" was trying to get all 
my conrads naked to the bone and kill them. 
"What type of Queer sicko are you!" i yelled at him 
but he only grined. Out of the blue i saw another guy named 
Paladar tying to take my garbs and cloths from this sicko. 
i noticed the gods didnt send paladar there for his well being.
Paladar finally left not taking off w/ my sword and left me 
naked with the fruit! I tried to run to save my life 
of fear of being violated i struggled as a result i must have 
died saving me of being violated by such a madman. 
 
 
{GG{ba{gg{Be {wThe {GM{be{gr{Bc{w. 
~

Sender  Niyon~
Date    Sun Sep 10 07:10:21 2000~
Stamp   968562860
Expire  969167433
To      all~
Subject galan's threats ~
Text
well i was with my pals and all of a sudden galan said 
he needed money and was going to start killing people 
for bountys and i guess due to my luke i was first picked 
now we cant be haveing that now can we.? so i decided to 
wait for him with my two friends dresc and he out of now where 
showed up and tryed to kill me but he ran we were to strong 
then gage showed up ahhhh yess my brother we decided we wern't going
to wait so i took us al there to him with a magic gate well nothing 
much to say about a pink mist after that 
 
blah i gotta go take abath after this one 
 
Niyon
~

Sender  Gage~
Date    Sun Sep 10 07:09:40 2000~
Stamp   968562891
Expire  969167397
To      all~
Subject Galan's demise ~
Text
Durring my travles i heard that my friend niyon 
(friend/brother) was being attacked by one galan. 
this seemed odd to me because niyon trys not to 
get anyone mad or on his bad side; well most ppl. 
so i assited my brother in getting this guy back. 
i saw that i was pretty late in my intree but none the less
i was there. I also did this to patch up things with 
Aldon. 
As dresc strangled him we all prepared then he was HIT! 
BLAM!! 
in no time he was a corpse. 
galan i advise you to know ur victim first. 
~

Sender  Dresc~
Date    Sun Sep 10 09:34:06 2000~
Stamp   968571853
Expire  969176071
To      all~
Subject Galan~
Text
      Earlier, Galan had muttered something about needing money....
He was at the bounty board, so I decided to check it out.  My good
friend Niyon had a bounty, so I told Niyon I would aid him in a
fight.  Sure enough, Galan couldn't resist and used a portal to get
to Niyon and me.  Galan attacked, but ran after he saw the beating
he had taken.  He had charmed a couple blackguards and Gordon, the
Brave, which fled with him.  Gage then decided to join us against
the bounty-hunter.  He was using powerful magic to evade us, and
for a few hours we could not think of what to do but wait.  Then,
as clear as a lightning bolt at midnight, I had an answer.  Gordon
and the blackguards were gone.... and who would they be with?
     We made haste in preparing for the fight, and Niyon used his
new spell, Tesseract, to transport us all to Gordon, and Galan!
I promptly strangled the bounty-hunting mage, and Niyon attempted
to use ESP on him.  He failed, so I simply used a little faerie
magic to aid in his demise, and proceeded to drink a potion of haste...
     Blade Dance.  This is the only possible way to describe what
happened to Galan.  Or perhaps Niyon said it best.... "Pink Mist."
 
Dresc, the {MS{moul{RR{reaver{w
 
~

Sender  Daisanor~
Date    Sun Sep 10 09:43:11 2000~
Stamp   968572160
Expire  969176596
To      all~
Subject The Death of Galan~
Text
Earlier today, the mage Galan attacked a good friend of
mine, Niyon, while I was away for a while on business.
Dresc, Gage, and Niyon tracked Galan down and killed him.
You would think that Galan would have admitted defeat
and gone away, but he decided he wanted a rematch.  He
came into Sanaria even as Dresc was still healing his
wounds from the previous fight, and attacked him again.
I was back from my trip now, and was with Dresc.  We
attempted to keep him from running away, but he managed
to anyway.  I chased him down and threw dust into his
eyes to blind him.  Despite his lack of vision, he
managed to teleport away.  We thought that he had
finally learned his lesson, but he returned to Sanaria
yet again and started summoning Niyon in an attempt
to kill him.  We left the city, but he followed.  As
we hid out in the forest of the pixies, he summoned
me out and attacked me with his blackguard.  I began
throwing him, and he soon fell.  He hasn't been back
since then.  Hopefully he has learned his lesson.
 
Daisanor
~

Sender  Altherion~
Date    Sun Sep 10 17:23:04 2000~
Stamp   968599516
Expire  969204195
To      all~
Subject My Vengence.~
Text
Many of you heard the story that occured in Sanaria two days ago.
It wasn't exactly it.. The story was a bit changed... here, let me 
sit down, and tell you what really hapened and why it all started.
It was a cold night. I was drinking hot fresh water from the 
fountain In Sanaria and I saw Daisanor sleeping at the healer.
He was sleeping, probably recovering from his wounds. I informed
myself who he exactly was, and then discovered he was part
an the evil called Narssius. I looked at him, and saw something..
that made me look at him again. It was some sort of leggings..
they were surrounded by a Dark Aura. I had never seen anything 
like this before. Why was this person wearing those leggings, and
I...wasn't. The greed overtook me right away. I couldn't stop
thinking about those leggings, that attracted me alot. They were
so pretty and dark.. I thought of killing him, but I said to
myself, that it would be no use. Because most of the time, the
mystical armor always disappear after a death.. for a reason only
gods know. That's when my head came up with.. a single scroll, that
would make him serve me. I had a good oportunity, because he was 
sleeping, and so i recited the scroll. He woke up from his dreams,
and realized he couldn't move arround and go where he wanted. 
Right away, i ordered him to remove his leggings and give them to
me, and so he did. But for an wierd reason, he was able to hide
behind me and backstab me from the back. I had never seen anything
like it. Why would my servant backstab me.. I could not understand.
I quickly ran away towards south, and then west to the potion 
seller that sold me a few healing potions. And then.. Daisanor
came back to pay for what I have made him do. He ran towards me
and tripped me so i could not run away this time. You must all
know now, he succeeded on killing me..but not on retrieving 
the equipement that was in my corpse. Why? I came back as a ghost
as quick as possible, and realized my corpse wasn't there anymore.
The only thing I saw is the corpse of the janitor.. carying MY
corpse oh his dead body. I quickly gained back my corpse from
this body that saved me, and went to relax for the few minutes
i had.. being as a ghost. 
 
That's when everything started.
 
My skin was starting to appear. The protective aura that was
around me started to fade away. And Dresc came to visit me 
for some direction that I did not know. He did not look very
happy, as i realized right away, he was part of the Kingdom
Narssius. I knew what he wanted, he wanted to kill me too, 
he thought a kill was not enough, and he wanted to take back
those leggings that Daisanor gave me! He waited.. and waited
for my skin to become one and single body. I knew what his 
intentions were, so i quickly started running towards the east.
That's when I met a new figure. Gage was there too. He was
another one, another guy from Narssius. He was trying to find me 
as well. But dresc was faster, way faster. He came up to me 
and blackjacked me right away. He then took his dagger and pierced
my heart. When i came back as a ghost, he took all my backpacks from 
my corpse.. But he did not retrieve the leggings! I took
everything that was left, furious.. tired of dying!
My scars kept increasing, and Narssius people started to make
me mad! And my victim was going to be Gage. I was not foolish
enough to go after Dresc or Daisanor, because i knew they were
stronger then me, and i would have no chance. So I started 
running after gage. I saw him at the fountain, and that's when
I charmed him. Then quickly, i knew dresc was trying to find me 
again. So i went north of sanaria, where there would be time for 
me to kill this Weak guy, and pay my deaths to Narssius. But
when i looked at him, I saw a blade.. It looked pretty Vampiric
And it had a name. It was called The Vampire Blades. I thought
there existed only one in this world.. But there were TWO! I 
have no idea how gage was able to get it, knowing there is
only a Strong assassin called Elecial who wields it.. So I
ordered him to remove it.. and give them to me. Somehow..
my orders didn't get through.. I did not know why, but I 
couldn't order him to give them to me. I thought for an 
instant that they were cursed.. maybe.. or maybe not. Time
was running fast before Dresc would arrive. So i Backstabed
him and tripped him to death. I took some small pieces from
his corpse, of course, a thief would not let something valuable
stay inside.. but the vampire blades weren't there anymore. 
They probably *disappeared* from this world..and only gods know.
 
 
So you now know, what truly hapened, but there is one thing that
I keep asking myself, is why do they say that some guy called
Paladar was involved in this thing. I laughed, no stupid 
guy works with me. I don't know where they came with this 
Paladar. Well, My death(s) were avenged. I still don't know
if Narssius is still after me. But I hope not. It would make
more trouble, and more deaths to me and for them. 
Altherion.
~

Sender  Niyon~
Date    Sun Sep 10 21:10:17 2000~
Stamp   968613049
Expire  969217824
To      all ~
Subject i died ~
Text
glana killed me took all i had oh well i will kill 
him many times over
~

Sender  Galan~
Date    Sun Sep 10 21:10:02 2000~
Stamp   968613881
Expire  969217811
To      all~
Subject Niyon's Foolish Death.~
Text
Well last night my Job for Niyons Bounty didn't go very well..
Because he had 4 other people who was helping him fight me..
Well I died fighting 4 of them...There was no way i guess i 
could have won....well They took everything i had and left me
nothing but trash.. I didn't even have my Shirt or anything..
so i was Naked but still i vowed to kill them.. well after 
i rested up at the Sanarai Healer I got all my Magical Powers
back... So i Tried again to kill Niyon,Dresc,Daisanor, and Gage
...I Almost had Niyon with my Magical Powers... and then
Daisanor... But Both of them Ran away from a Naked Elven Mage...
Anyhow.. I was killed in a fight with Daisanor.. well i told them 
That They will all Die by me But all they did was say things to
make me mad.. Well For some of you people who don't really know
me.. I'm not a guy to be played with..When i say something..
i'll do it.. i always keep my word...And i always talk the talk
and Walk the Walk.. So today i came back to the Realms of Thera
And Found out that Niyon was With Quall Killing Little Faeries 
at the Enchanted Realms...So i Gather 3 of my best Warriors to
help me in Battle Because I had no Weapon and no Armor or what
so ever kind of Eq... So For that reason i needed some of my 
Warriors to fight for me.. well i Open a portal to Niyon and
Went through with my Warriors.. I Then saw Quall and Niyon
Fighting Poor Little Faeries...It seems to me that Quall was 
getting a pretty Hard Beat Down from the Faeries..So i told
my Minions to Destroy Niyon.. And They did.. With their 
Brutal Power and with my Magic Niyon was nothing more then
Killing a little poor Cat...Well Niyon Ran Away and he
Gated to this Place... But What is he thinking?...
He can't Run from a Mighty Mage... So i Opened a Final
Portal To Niyon which lead him to his Death...I took EVERYTHING
he had.. I wanted to take his Pies and Water and such that but
i was alittle too nice... so i left him some food to eat...
Well Niyon is Dead.. Now More of you Little Narssius will Die..
All you Little Narssius Should have been Smart like your King
Caldon and Shouldn't have Messed with me.. Well My Friend Caldon..
It seems to me that your Warriors pokes their noses around other
peoples Problems too much.. and for that reason.. Now They will
Pay with their lives... And Caldon... If you remember who tought
You how to fight.. and how to Run.. and how to Live a Killing life.
you should well know not to Mess with him.. Remember?...
Heh.. Well now i see that you havn't been training your little
Warriors not to get invlove in other peoples Problems such as 
Niyons and now they ALL will die... And old Friend.. If you wish
to Help them.. I can do nothing but Destroy you as well...
 
Galan
~

Sender  Zernam~
Date    Sun Sep 10 23:06:56 2000~
Stamp   968620579
Expire  969224829
To      all~
Subject Brakkus and Hurk~
Text
Today, when I was strolling down the streets of Sanaria minding my
own buisness, I encountered Hurk and Brakkus. I greeted them
nicely, and didn't do anything whatsoever to provoke any
hostile actions.
But for some reason, Brakkus started yelling at me, calling my
mother a whore, etc. Ofcause I got pissed and I warned him that
I would not accept such insults about my family. All he did was
laugh me in my face. I got so enraged that I warned him that if he
said another word I was going to kill him, I had no intentions of 
actually doing so, but I thought my warnings would make him shut
up. Unfortunately they didn't, they made him only laugh harder, and
I had no choice but to keep my word.
 
Hurk was tagging along with this dreaded Narssius member, and
I warned him, if he did not move out of the way, he was gonna
meet his maker as well. Hurk stayed with some words about
me being a thief...obviously lies.
 
2 on 1, was more than I'd bargained for, so I asked my trusted friend
Vorphalack for help, and he was more than pleased to be able to
help a friend in need, so we tracked them down, and after
a quick fight, both of them had fallen right in the
heart of Sanaria, with their guts spread out all over the
fountain, and chunks of skull on Malgad...I was amused
 
Narssius, you should teach your members to show respect, some
day they might insult the wrong man...oops, nm, they just did
 
Zernam...death comes in many forms, I am one of them.
~

Sender  Tyrin~
Date    Mon Sep 11 01:19:44 2000~
Stamp   968628386
Expire  969232792
To      all~
Subject The bloodshed begins...~
Text
For some time now I have considered this just life of Gondor
and only today did I realize that my time with this faction
must end. I saw that Aztaroth, a sickening member of Mordukhan,
was now a prey to me, at last the gods granted me the ability
to punish him. No more would I stand in Gondor and watch while
we sat around negotiating peace terms! This time I would strike
this coward who has hidden in the shadows and refused combat 
for so long. Hiring an elite friend of mine, who also holds
no love for those foul-smelling louts of Mordukhan, we quickly
fooled Aztaroth into joining us in the harsh land of Drakyri
Isle. We went into closed chambers and Aztaroth, thinking we
were planning the death of a drakyri elite, merely stood there,
easy prey for our devious plans. I struck first, sending a 
blast of light blowing Aztaroth's left shoulder to pieces. 
I followed suit with my mace, but alas, the coward fled. But
I was prepared, oh was I prepared, I wanted blood! I waved my
hands and he materialized once again before me in which I 
send another ray of light slamming into his chest. He continued
to flee like the fool coward he is, but finally, with the 
aid of some powerful acid use by my dear friend Elecial, he
lay in a bloody heap before us. I had not only the revenge, 
but the blood. 
 
The image of the dead woman in the Shire flashed into my mind
seeing Aztaroth lay there. It no longer make me sick. Now my
mace is really stained.
 
Sinister Tyrin the Purifier of Souls
~

Sender  Aztaroth~
Date    Mon Sep 11 01:34:16 2000~
Stamp   968629220
Expire  969233660
To      all~
Subject My fall~
Text
I was just sitting around, doing nothing in particular
when Tyrin and Elecial came up to me, asking if I wanted
to go travel the lands of Drakyri with them. As the peace
treaty had been signed, I gladly accepted. We went into
a closed room inside Drakyri, preparing to fight a young
man standing in our way. Instead of attacking the man, 
Tyrin and Elecial attacked me! Tyrin casted rays made of
light itself, it burned! the pain was unbelievable!
Elecial was guarding the door, but I managed to push him
away and flee. Tyrin then used his vile magics, bringing
me to him, I fled and I fled, but alas! I was lost in
Drakyri from my running, and after a while, I could not
make it out through the door anymore, and I fell.
Tyrin has now been banished from Gondor, and I have no
grudge towards King Imrahil or the kingdom of Gondor.
But Elecial, He shall die, as shall the rest of his pathetic
kingdom called Argus.
 
War has been declared, and shall last until one side is
no more.
 
-Aztaroth
~

Sender  Kanshin~
Date    Mon Sep 11 01:26:59 2000~
Stamp   968629241
Expire  969233235
To      all~
Subject The Quick and the Dead~
Text
Water splashing at the Sanaira fountain.... I had my horse
rest and drink at the fountain and I myself was cooling off
from this heat, When suddenly pain goes through my body and
mind indicating that one of the Shadow Warrior of Mordukhan
had fallen as all the Warriors are connected in some mesterious
way. In a few more moment, one of Lightsbane Azazel's General
Aztaroth sent news on our kingdom telepath saying he was betrayed
and slayed by Elecial and Tyrin. Confususion came on my mind first
that I wonder why Elecial had risked the treaty of peace that was
made by Lord Master Quolat. But as it is, it is not my part to think,
and my job is to serve and protect sons and warriors of Dark Lord
Kazmir. So Genegral Aztaroth gave the green light to do my job....
 
                The Combat
I quickly step down from the fountain I was sitting on, and started
walking straight to Songmeng where she sits and talk with Imrahil
smiling... I gave no notice of my plan and my thoughts and I smiled
at her and she smiled back. Then when there's a good 2 feet between
us, I thought of my DoomBringer and there it was materlize in my hand
ready to strike. I backstabed here where she sits and she never had
a chance to take her weapon out. I walked back to my horse and hoped
on it and starting riding hard out from the city undetected leaving
Songmeng bloody corpse and bloody water behind my trail.
 
 
{DKanshin the Dark.
~

Sender  Elecial~
Date    Mon Sep 11 02:01:09 2000~
Stamp   968631479
Expire  969235276
To      All~
Subject My assistance of Tyrin.~
Text
Today, I was asked to assist Tyrin in killing Aztaroth.  As an assassin
, I knew I could not turn such a great offer down.  He offered me
a large sum of gold, plus anything I wanted from Aztaroth's corpse.
I knew if I had turned this down, I would be shunned by all members of
my dark profession.  After thinking for a few moments, I accepted Tyrin
's offer, and departed with him to the bank of Sanaria.  As receiving
my hefty sum of gold, I was to complete my part of the bargain.  Gain
the trust of the untrustworthy.  I called a messanger to me, and handed
him a few letters, then I sent him off to find the cowardly Aztaroth.
Shortly afterwards, the boy returned to me and handed me the letters.
It read, "Yes Elecial, I will accompany you to the land of Drakyri Isle.
  I need to gain more experiance in the arts of fighting as it is."
I turned and winked at Tyrin, so far, our plan was going well.
I lead Tyrin and Aztaroth off to the Drakyri Isles, past the Warden, and
into a dark bedroom of a young boy.  Knowing Aztaroth's sick perversions
, I knew he would like seeing an innocent young boy before him.  God
knows what intentions Aztaroth had for the boy.  Tyrin, seeing the same
thing as I was, decided to aid the boy before Aztaroth could get his
filthy hands upon him.  Tyrin charged into Aztaroth, knocking him to
the ground.  Then he called upon the heavens to cast terrible magics
upon the dark drow.  I knew it was my time to assist and fully complete
my job, so I crept in the shadows and stood behind Aztaroth.  Then I 
jumped him from behind.  Something he should recall from memmory.
Anywayz, after fleeing a few times unsuccessfully, Aztaroth layed
at our feet.  Tyrin and I full looted his corpse and sacrificed it to
the gods of Light.
 
 
Aztaroth, I this only because I was offered a large sum of money and
I would get a good portion of the equipment.  I am sorry your feeble
mind cannot comprehend that Argus is not involved in this.  But
creatures of the dark never were very intelligent, were they?  Anyways
I'm going to explain MY actions to your leader.  I wish to be dealt
with, leave my kingdom out of it.
 
 
Mordukhan, Tyrin and I have slaughtered one of your members, look out
we're out for each and every one of you.  Tyrin will hire me every
single time, so do not include Argus in this.  Assassins are greedy, and
I will admit, I like my money and equipment.  I do not wish to be
shunned from my profession, so I will accept ANY offer that is presented
to me.
 
 
Elecial
~

Sender  Razuiel~
Date    Mon Sep 11 03:11:49 2000~
Stamp   968634875
Expire  969239514
To      all~
Subject My death~
Text
I was helping my ex kingdom of aldon when a madman
Marle began insulting Niyon. Enraged I attacked him
and he fled to the aide of Narssius. I found out
later the Niyon and Marle were friends so the fighting
stopped and everything was fine again until 
Narssius began attacking left and right. Finally I 
talked them into a one man to one man fight to the death
but was yet again cheated. I was attacked by two and
fell to my death by Daisonor and another called Dresco
I believe. I shall seek vengence.
 
Razuiel
~

Sender  Galan~
Date    Mon Sep 11 03:48:42 2000~
Stamp   968637132
Expire  969241727
To      all~
Subject Caldon's Death~
Text
I was Hunting the Coward Gage when i saw this so called 
GREAT King of Narssus on... So i said to my self i'll
kill him as soon as Gage is Dead.. well Gage was a little 
Coward and he left the Land of Thera not Killed by me..
So i was Very Mad.. So i Turned my Head toward Caldon and
was went after him.. I Open a Portal to him and entered it 
and Blasted him with My Fire Breath.. Caldon didn't 
fight long.. he was Dead after 3 rounds.. oh yes
i hired some Guards to help me in my Fight so it wasn't really
a Fight.. The Great King Caldon died and i looted many things..
Caldon.. Your little Warriors have helped Niyon kill me..
And for that you and all of Narssuss will suffer the Wrath
of Me and my Friends.. now i will meet you all in Hell for i
too must die one day..
*bow*
Galan
~

Sender  Galan~
Date    Mon Sep 11 04:30:12 2000~
Stamp   968639778
Expire  969244217
To      all~
Subject Gage's Fall~
Text
Well Another One of my Murderes were Killed By my Own Hands
Today.. After the Great Battle With Dresc, Gage and his 
King Caldon i was hurt so i ran away... I don't think i could
have done very well anyway... I wasn't Wearing anything and was
going Krazy with my Magic.. Well Gage got Blasted by my 
Magic many times.. but everytime he's about to die his MIGHTY 
King Caldon use his Magic to Summon me.. So Gage Lived.. 
But When Dresc and Caldon and Gage was Talking at a Fountain
I Saw my Chanch.. so i Summoned Gage infrount of me and with 
my 2 Troll Warriors i Blasted Gage With Acid and Fire..
I Shocked him with my Chainlightning and i Frozed him with
my Frost Breath... Then i Burned Him with my Fire Breath 
and Then i Burned Gage to Ashes with my FireBall...
Gage didn't Fight well he died then his Bigger Brother Dresc
came and Killed me.. Well it was a easy job because i didn't
have anything on me.. and i was weak from Gage..
Anywayz Gage died and i came back and looted
all of Gage's Eqs... Well That's 3 for me today and 3 death's
for me today.. not bad for a guy fighting 5 people no?
Oh wellz.. i had no eq in the morning today but now have ok eqs..
Niyon fell under my Feet...Then Caldon...and Daisanor would
have too if it wasn't for Dresc... And now Gage..
The only one left is Dresc.. and Ander... Damn Dresc is gonna
be Hard... Oh wellz... till that day *bow* 
Galan the all Mighty
~

Sender  Dresc~
Date    Mon Sep 11 05:25:53 2000~
Stamp   968643637
Expire  969247570
To      all~
Subject Galan vs. Narssius: act 1~
Text
     Caldon had just been attacked by Galan....  A few weeks earlier
He had killed Niyon, and was fully equipped.  To think all of this
started because I helped Aldon.  Well, it could have happened to us
regardless...  Though it doesn't make me feel better.
     Caldon just fell.  Daisanor and I had been preparing this fight
for a couple of hours.  We had no idea Galan would strike this soon.
We made our way to Sanaria and entered the bank vault.  We knew that
Galan would use a portal to get to us, then be vulnerable.  Within
minutes, the attentive Galan arrived with a small army and started
swinging.  He had not counted on me being with Daisanor, and I also
joined the fight, throwing him into the steel walls.  My dagger found
home in his chest, then stomach, then shoulder, then finally a fatal
wound in his head.  I ripped my dagger out of his eye socket and let
the lifeless body fall to the ground.
     We were already on our hands and knees ripping everything off of
Galan's body, and had most of the important stuff when Galan entered
the vault, and grabbed his Ex-Body.  I left the vault, but Daisanor
felt the need to attack one of the BlackGuards of Arkham for thrills.
He told me to come back, but after i did it was too late.  Daisanor
had fallen to Galan's now-thinking guards.  Life after Death?
 
Dresc, the {MS{moul{RR{reaver{w
~

Sender  Dresc~
Date    Mon Sep 11 05:40:48 2000~
Stamp   968644863
Expire  969248505
To      all~
Subject Galan vs. Narssius: Act 2~
Text
     Galan had just reequipped himself with half of Daisanor's
equipment.  Great.  Galan left in some sort of temporary portal,
to rest.  I could only guess his next target.  Gage was already
ready to fight, and I had extreme confidence in his skills to
destroy the relentless mage.  I was wandering around in the forest
for hours, looking for the two.  I heard Gage yelling about Galan,
and Galan yelling about Gage for a long time.  I eventually caught
up with the Galan, and strangled him.  I shouted for Caldon to
come and hold some of my travelling gear, as i am not strong enough
to take back Daisanor's equipment and my gear... Caldon did not make
it in time, and Galan woke up and ran.  After a day long chase, I
managed to find Galan and strangle him again.  Yet, he got away again.
     I was extremely mad.... and now Gage just died.  I found Galan
near the east gate of Sanaria, at the scene of the crime.  I strangled
him once more, yet this time he wasn't getting away.  I pulled out a
potion of haste, and even though he had 4 trolls with sanctuary there,
they couldn't save him.  I took both daggers, one for each side of his
head, and pushed them straight through.  He came back and got nearly
all of Gage's equipment, as I was too weak to carry most of it...
 
Dresc, the {MS{moul{RR{reaver{w
~

Sender  Dresc~
Date    Mon Sep 11 06:08:15 2000~
Stamp   968646285
Expire  969250105
To      all~
Subject Galan vs. Narssius: Final Act~
Text
     Galan, now wearing Gage's equipment took off.  He used another
temporary portal to leave.  Thinking the fight was over, I began to
hike to New Thalos...  Halfway there, I again heard the screams of
Galan and Niyon in battle....  AGAIN!!  Niyon, was on a bloodlust.
At this point I completely lost it.  I told Niyon to leave, before
another fell to the Galan, who seemed nearly unstoppable.  Niyon
didn't heed my warnings, so I outran Niyon to Galan, and did the
familiar Blade Dance that Galan fell to once before.  Galan had
gotten rid of all the equipment he stole from the different Narssius
members he slaughtered.  There was nothing left.
     I possibly saved Niyon, or sealed Galan's fate.  I guess I was
the only person who did not underestimate the now-famous mage.  Or
perhaps I was the only one HE underestimated....  Only the gods know,
but I constantly pray this pointless killing will end....
 
Dresc, the {MS{moul{RR{reaver{w
 
ps. Galan, got to hand it to you....
~

Sender  Relio~
Date    Tue Sep 12 00:33:56 2000~
Stamp   968711991
Expire  969316441
To      all~
Subject Niyon's death~
Text
I struck a silver short when i made an attempt to buy
a potion of antidote to cure my sickness.  I realized
i've been short on money lately.  I decided to make
another trip to the bounty board to check who is there.
Surprisingly, Niyon was on the board for about a hundred
something gold.  I decided to end his life.  I snuck
up behind him and freakingly i missed my backstab.
But no worries, i kept throwing him around like a clown
from outer town til he died like he was drowned.  I
ran away to get my pay, Niyon didn't have much to say.
I sorrow for all those who died beneath my feet that
u must meet your defeat and no tears to weep.
 
Relio the ill free-styla
~

Sender  Vorphalack~
Date    Tue Sep 12 01:24:06 2000~
Stamp   968714932
Expire  969319452
To      all~
Subject Brakkus and Hurk~
Text
I was sitting in the Sanarian library, studying the arts
of Magi, when my friend Zernam came to me. Vorphalack!
I need your help! I just insulted 2 guys and I feel they
will start some trouble. Oh well, I thought, why not.
So we went to the fountain, where Brakkus and Hurk was
located, Zernam quickly attacked, and I was not late using
my evil magi to prevent Brakkus escape by creating a thick
layer of sticky substance all over him.. I then used my
powers to unleash Spectral Furors, and Brakkus was soon dead.
I then turned to Hurk, and kept casting my evil magi, he fell
as well.
 
I must say I always get amazed from examining a human brain, 
and this was no exception.. I need to get out more from my
studies.. Or else my mind will slip totally.
 
-Vorphalack the Suicidal Maniac
~

Sender  Vorphalack~
Date    Tue Sep 12 01:32:20 2000~
Stamp   968715378
Expire  969319947
To      all~
Subject Kuco's fall~
Text
I was just walking around, taking a break from my studies
inside the great Sanaria library, when I got to New Thalos
I saw a pathetic elf named Kuco standing in the Remedy Room.
I, as I do not like elves, started insulting him, telling
him he was a pathetic elf, his mother was a cheap whore and
his father a drunkard. He was angry, and called ME a pathetic
elf! Now i couldn't stand that, so I quickly webbed him, and
tore big pieces of him away with my Spectral Furors. He was
revived by the healer the same instant he died, so I only had
time to grab his sword and shield, and strap of his leggings.
I later sold his equipment back to him for the price of 3500 gold.
 
Hmm.. I really got this taste of killing people.. maybe I should
leave my studies more often... hmm..
 
-Vorphalack the Suicidal Maniac
~

Sender  Samoth~
Date    Tue Sep 12 12:25:15 2000~
Stamp   968754862
Expire  969359126
To      all~
Subject The death of Hurk.~
Text
Rumors travel fast in these realms...ohh yes..almost as
fast as death. Having heard of Hurks earlier conflict with
Zernam, my friend and felar brethren, I advised him to quickly
leave these realms to avoid any further problems with Zernam
and those who are his friends. To this Hurk replied with a
string of insults soo filthy and profane I cant relay them
here without being struck with the wrath of the gods.
This extreme vocal abuse of his made my blood boil, and I
began seeing blood and pieces of brain on my trustworthy polearm
yet my sense told me that could not be right.
More and more visions of death and gore crept in my mind
causing a red haze to decent over my eyes, as I pictured Hurks
corpse infront of me beaten into bloody pulp.
I couldnt help murmering odd things and rock back and forth,
but I finally got myself together enough to stand and begin
the hunt for Hurk.
I was a short hunt as I located him in New Thalos just after
I set out to look for him. As I was traveling hidden on a plane
different from that of mortals, I was invisible to Hurks eyes.
Standing right besides him I cackled insanely before driving
my shield into his back slamming him to the ground. The fight
lasted shortly as hurk was basically naked, and all I could
recover from his mangled carcass was the sum of 500 pieces of
gold.
Now my polearm was truly stained...
 
 
Samoth, The Cardinal of Insanity.
~

Sender  Vorphalack~
Date    Tue Sep 12 20:55:14 2000~
Stamp   968785131
Expire  969389732
To      all~
Subject Malachais..tasty..brains..~
Text
I was...strolling...insside...Sanaria...looking..for
food...I then... saw...Malachai....never...tasted..elf..
before.. decided to do... that..
I found...Malachai..on...clan road.. he was..... sleeping..
I...used...my..evil...and..corrupt..magi.. to create...
a.. thick layer...of.. web... around... him.. to.. prevent
his... escape...
Must eat brains... yess... brainsss.....
cast...evil magi..on..Malachai...he...soon...dead...
 
His brains were...... tasty
 
-Vorphalack the Besmirched
~

Sender  Malachai~
Date    Tue Sep 12 20:54:10 2000~
Stamp   968785351
Expire  969389678
To      all~
Subject insanity~
Text
today i was attacked for no apparant reason
i was resting in the clan road area when from nowhere
a drow who i have never before encountered attacked me
i had no time to reason or to escape, 
i do not even know if i would recognise my attacker
in my time on this world i have tried to avoid conflict
believing strongly in the strength of neutrality
good and evil war constantly but neutrality survives and can flourish
but neutrality means naught when one is attacked
unprovoked
and robbed of what had taken so long to gather
for now i am angry beyond comprehension
so for now i shall do nothing
but it is becoming clear to me that the path of neutrality may 
no longer be mine
~

Sender  Coerl~
Date    Tue Sep 12 22:46:57 2000~
Stamp   968791834
Expire  969396423
To      all~
Subject Niyon~
Text
I was told that some people had approached a loyal member
of The Black Hand, and viciously killed him. I was
enraged that anyone dared to challenge our power, and I gathered
the names of those who attacked and killed Galan
 
Niyon X
Dresc
Gage
Daisanor
 
One down...3 to go. Do not mess with TBH!
 
Coerl
~

Sender  Zernam~
Date    Wed Sep 13 00:58:28 2000~
Stamp   968799621
Expire  969404313
To      all~
Subject Malachai~
Text
I challenged Malachai to a friendly duel...after some consideration
he accepted.
after a swift but intense fight, I was standing victorious over
his dead body.
 
Zernam...death comes in many forms, I am one of them.
~

Sender  Niyon~
Date    Wed Sep 13 01:18:35 2000~
Stamp   968800956
Expire  969405524
To      all~
Subject my death ~
Text
well corel killed me today as i was grouping with kanshin 
and kazin im very pissed now it seems i have a whole group of 
people after my blood.  It seems that a mordukan member helped 
with my untimly death by puting corel in some kinda clocking 
method so that my eye were not aloud to see him. I hope Mordukhan 
will not aid to my demise agian this severly makes me mad.  
and as for TBK or what ever the hell you call yourselves well 
im afraid i will have to sluaghter thoses that have slaughteed me 
so corel and Galan you both will die 
Niyon
~

Sender  Vorphalack~
Date    Wed Sep 13 01:23:23 2000~
Stamp   968801138
Expire  969405813
To      all~
Subject Thrawn's brain..~
Text
I was... hungry.. again.. saw.. Thrawn.. in Sanaria...
asked..my..friend Zernam.. to..help me... get food..
Zernam.. backstabbed him..I..then...used my..evil.. magi..
to web... him... food...shall not... flee.. He... died..
almost... instantly... I ate... his... brain...
 
Darnok brain was..... tasty..
 
-Vorphalack the Besmirched
~

Sender  Vorphalack~
Date    Wed Sep 13 01:55:05 2000~
Stamp   968803032
Expire  969407712
To      all~
Subject Ogre brain~
Text
I was... hungry.. .yet... again... Vallis.... big.. ogre..
asks.. me... to fight...I.. ask... friend...Zernam..for
help.. We attacked... him.... My evil.. magi.. refused..
to work.. this... time... could...not...web...Zernam...was
throwing..Vallis..could... not flee... anyways... Vallis
was... soon dead.. I ate.. his brains..
 
Ogre brain was.... tasty...
 
-Vorphalack the Besmirched, Brainmuncher Extraordinaire
~

Sender  Razuiel~
Date    Wed Sep 13 06:31:46 2000~
Stamp   968819733
Expire  969424311
To      all~
Subject Glandors death~
Text
I was attacked many times over by Narssuis's members
Dresc and Daisonor. I left the kingdom of Aldon to seek
my revenge in the kingdom and kill them off. I have
succeeded here and will bring much more death to this
kingdom for its demise. Glandor was an innocent member
of Narssuis that happened to be in my way at the time.
I apologize to you Glandor for your death but if you do
not leave Narssuis your death will come many many more
times.
 
{bSi{Cl{bent{X {CSh{Bad{bow{X
{bSi{Cl{bent{X {CSh{Bad{bow{X
Razuiel the {bSi{Cl{bent{X {CSh{Bad{bow{X
.c
oopps :-)
~

Sender  Denbius~
Date    Thu Sep 14 06:10:56 2000~
Stamp   968904870
Expire  969509472
To      all~
Subject My death~
Text
today i was killed by kahn as me and a group of friends 
were lvling off of the disgusting creature in the 
emerald forest. 
this little bastard had no reason for killing 
me and my friend kendai
 
ooc I dont even know him he had no ligettimate reason
for killing us so there for he shoulb be slain 
and his eq given to me and kendai is that not a rule 
 
ic i will avenge my death by sickness 
and spead a disease throughout his body 
~

Sender  Kulgan~
Date    Thu Sep 14 06:30:14 2000~
Stamp   968905882
Expire  969510623
To      all~
Subject MY Death~
Text
okay kahn needs to be balefired
for no reason kahn killed me
and denise and whoever was in her pk range
its not fair
 
-kulgan
~

Sender  Parsarlin~
Date    Thu Sep 14 06:26:44 2000~
Stamp   968906144
Expire  969510411
To      all~
Subject kahn vs denbius~
Text
Truly sad the gods have let Thera be plastered by
sinceless and random acts of violence again.
the golden plauge is sweeping quickly throughout the 
towns. this plauge has sent mant to thier deathbed
only making them stronger, meaner, and wiser. 
if bloodshed will not be stopped the bloodshed 
will spray the lands of thera by a lust for 
wealth so great noone will comprehend its hunger.
the golden plauge has been see through the day 
now only to be subsided with bloodlust! 
we have past the golden plauge and allowed it 
to mutate in pure insanity; now all we have 
are killings for no reason. Kahn slayed denbius
quickly do to the fact that denbius is a weak 
squidlike mage from my knowledge. I see 
the realality here on thera and it shouts
"KILL KILL KILL" kill for their goods
kill for the skill and kill for the 
fame on may aquire. I shall see that a 
mass amount of warriors wizards and priest counter 
this lust 
 
Parsarlin {gthe grim{w.
~

Sender  Denbius~
Date    Thu Sep 14 06:40:47 2000~
Stamp   968906553
Expire  969511254
To      all~
Subject my death again~
Text
kahn came from the woods seeing i had nothing 
i figured he had come back to kill me again 
so i tried to kill him first though as i am weak 
i died again by the hands of a common crook.
~

Sender  Denise~
Date    Thu Sep 14 07:52:29 2000~
Stamp   968911067
Expire  969515579
To      all~
Subject Kahn's death~
Text
I was inn gathering funds for my travels
when I was crudely interuppted buy Kahn, he killed me without warning.
Also he stole my dagger, so I had to get it back
Moments before he had killed a couple of my friends
so me and kulgan grouped up and were recovering at the healer
when kahn came and attacked, he was killed very soon
I took my dagger and went about my business
he was just one of those people who got what they deserved
~

Sender  Razuiel~
Date    Thu Sep 14 16:19:54 2000~
Stamp   968941440
Expire  969545999
To      all~
Subject Malachais death~
Text
He continueously insulted my Lord telling him that he had no
power. Enraged I took it upon myself to show him that
My Lord has all the power in the world. I ran to him
quickly and backstabbed him putting my dagger deep in
his chest. But he still had enough strength to flee. I
followed him and quickly put my hands around his neck
and squeeze until he fell to the ground. With 2 more back
stabs he fell at my feet. I took a few items but gave 
them back as to show i have alittle mercy. He know understands
the power of my lord and with respect him from now on.
 
Razuiel the {bSi{Cl{bent{X {CSh{Bad{bow{X
~

