Sender  Salindor~
Date    Thu Aug 23 05:47:50 2007~
Stamp   1187841197
Expire  1188704886
To      all~
Subject journal entry: Derkec~
Text
Dear journel,
 
I was petitioning for another hero to try and save this world,
when I learned of a great and sad thing.  My old mentor and
teacher had passed away... apparently he had sacrified himself
many years ago to save the world.  If I had somehow heard, I
would have returned sooner, rather than by the call of the
planet but to help fullfill the void left by such a great
god having fallen.  Hell maybe had I not gone off in search
for my family, things could have been different.  At anyhow
it is best not to change the past, and besides that would 
proably anger Explorer anyhow, and his death was noble.  Well
in the less, this spot will act as the empi center for the
healing of the planet.  If nothing else, maybe whoever is
causing this will think Derkec returned.
 
Salindor
~

Sender  Mikael~
Date    Mon Sep  3 06:47:35 2007~
Stamp   1188795662
Expire  1189658878
To      all~
Subject Path of the Lost Brother~
Text
"It would appear young paladin, that this brother of yours.. has strayed from the
path that you so devoutly follow..how could this be?"
 
Mikael sighs loudly, shaking his head in silent distaste at the question before
him. "It would seem, Lord, that he has never forgiven this world.."
"No Mikael, I don't ask for his excuse, I ask for how such discipline could be 
placed into you, but not a sibling raised by the same family."
 
An expression of confusion crossed Mikael's face. What sort of path could his
brother actually be following to draw such attention.. and why the questions..
 
"Yes yes Mikael, it would only be right for you to have questions. Well, questions
shall wait, for now, you will listen." The man before the young paladin wiped his
brow slowly with a white cotton pad. "Where to start, where to start.. you deserve
to know straight forward.. your brother, I have been told, has taken up refuge 
inside the Black Citadel. As you know.. such a place has spit out many dreadful
creatures, as well as Death Knights with enough power and rage to cause us quite 
alot of pain in earlier days. Now.. what you don't know is that this Citadel..
for hundreds of years believed uncontrolled, uninhabited, have seem to start
teeming with new life.. young humans, drows, duegar alike have been seen entering
and leaving its cursed walls. It seems, Mikael, your brother is traveling the
path in which power controls, hatred flows, and death reeks. Do not fret with 
this now young one, go about your ways for now, sleep, I shall summon you tomorrow."
 
 
Such information, forced about a young human so fast, Mikael stood there, dazed as
the man walked away from him before he could protest. Shaking away his state of awe
Mikael returned to his room..
 
 
The Black Citadel.. only the damned walk upon such grounds..
~

