Sender  Eron~
Date    Sun Jul 23 21:53:24 2000~
Stamp   964382064
Expire  973022012
To      all~
Subject More news!~
Text
I have been instructed to give out these odd pieces of metal
to people that collect the 10 pieces of parchment...
I don't know what this metal will do but I have been told there
will be a Messanger tommorow with more news!
 
-Eron
~

Sender  Tarion~
Date    Fri Aug 11 03:32:04 2000~
Stamp   965957671
Expire  974597532
To      all~
Subject Tarion guild~
Text
I was reading my book of history and future when I felt a
line of script change.  Curious I read this new line that
had previously not existed.  Some mortals had banded together
and were killing others using my name.
 
As I am totally neutral between mortals, I naturally don't like
it when mortals are killed in my name so I am going to send
out my spirits to find who has been doing this and ask them
to stop.
 
 
Tarion, Master Chronomancer
~

Sender  Kazmir~
Date    Thu Aug 31 00:12:40 2000~
Stamp   967675181
Expire  969401593
To      all~
Subject Kanshin {DThe Dark{X~
Text
Kanshin The Dark pray.
The pray of strong evil mortal voice soudet, this mortal
voice prayed to a portal to the Ancient Temple of time
Now it was time to see if the mortal realy was readly walk the path
of time and to see if he was ready to have a page in the Ancient
book.
 
As i look at him was sure he was ready to enter the Ancient Temple
I told him that he would need more than my worship toward me
inorder to open the portal. I told that he any time must be ready
offer his blood to me. He was ready to serve me any time and i was
in need of it.
 
When i opend the portal he was ready to enter even if it will cost him
 his life.
He did fight with grate skill and speed i did make so i granted the
Holy Guardian more power to see if he was worth it.
And yes he was ready to serve me as, the old witch did say
Her words 'In time you find the right to serve you, give him speed
          'and skill, and he be yours for ever'
Ones more the words of the witch was right.
 
I did give him speed and skill as the witch did tell me to
The Bracer of haste was given to Kanshin
 
{DLord Kanshin of the dark{X
 
Kazmir
~

Sender  Kazmir~
Date    Sat Sep  2 20:09:30 2000~
Stamp   967918426
Expire  969646183
To      all~
Subject Excalibur~
Text
I see few fit to use that sword, Not some weak mortals
like Tulkas, who need the sword to be worth any thing
The sword Excalibur is not a sword make to slay evil
 
But is was crated to serve the god and right god to sere with
Is one but me i send out my followers to hunt and who
do carry it and who do not use it to serve me with
Only me true followers know who it will serve me
 
Lord Kazmir
Follow me and get what you deserve and rember it houner to die for me
~

Sender  Kazmir~
Date    Sat Sep  2 20:16:42 2000~
Stamp   967918836
Expire  969646626
To      all Salindor~
Subject Excalibur~
Text
Yes i am evil,but you wrong there will be live
Death and killing is not my ways only to you who
will not follow the way of the gods
 
Salindor join in my quest to make the word free
freedom is not this word help get Excalibur
I know you have my gold with in you
 
Kazmir
Death is not a punishment, but a libaration
And it hounder to die for you god
~

Sender  Ander~
Date    Sun Sep  3 00:52:00 2000~
Stamp   967935827
Expire  968799145
To      all~
Subject Quest~
Text
I have recently been studying about the art of pocket dimensions 
on how to get them, create them, sustain them and flat out use them.
While doing this, I stumbled upon a certain pocket dimension that was 
very odd.  It was lit with a fiery red light, was the size of the small 
island, and in the mmiddle was a 400 foot tall tower surrounded by
a large stone wall.  I left as quickly as I entered, but studied it  
from afar through scrying.  I saw a large man, wearing a glowing 
pendant occassionally walking around the grounds, but I could
never get a view inside the tower as it as it was protected by some
magical power.
 
 
Ander Retired Wizard of Aldon
Socerer of Aldon
 
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Sun Sep  3 21:04:27 2000~
Stamp   968008558
Expire  968871889
To      all~
Subject Peace treaty signed.~
Text
For long the war between Argus and Mordukhan raged but with
none of us gaining any land. Both Kingdoms proved trained in
the art of deception, and outright battle was never achieved.
Alas Lord Master Quolat and I reached the conclusion that we
had reached a stalemate. Noone had anything to gain from a
continued state of war, as it would only leave our Kingdoms in
a more and more weakened state.
Many old grudges had to be burried during our negotiations before
we could both accept a solution, but we found it at last. To
ensure that no grudges remain Argus agreed to turn over those areas
they hold that once were Mordukhans, but in the same time as an
act of goodwill Mordukhan allowed Argus to keep possession of The
Ivory temple so noone would feel cheated.
As this peace was much welcomed by both of us, I ofcourse do not
expect to witness any hostility from any members of Argus, as this
would meen braking the word of their own leader tainting his honor.
Should any hostility be shown we will react upon it with declaration
of war. I know Quolat feels as I do about this peace being neccessary,
and thus I hope he makes the terms of the peace and the result if it
is broken very clear to his members, as I will make it clear to the
members of Mordukhan.
 
 
Azazel, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Drandego~
Date    Sun Sep  3 23:33:53 2000~
Stamp   968018226
Expire  968880843
To      all~
Subject Search for the Dark Power~
Text
Ive been wondering for years, finding nothing new
in the world. Night and day seem to coexist 
with eachother in constant battle of who shall take
over the hour. Ive learned of many hidden secrets
locked behind the shut gates we call the land of
Thera. To find a place for myself in the land of Thera 
will almost be impossible, but I am looking toward the
future.
 
    Today I came across the ruins of a slaughtered house.
A family of 8, mother, father, and the children they bared
 Walking among the corpses made me uneasy, but I soon
realized the story behind the slaughter.
The man, I assumed was the father, lays on his stomache with
his hands clawing at a singer floor board. I hesitated and came
up with with the thought of prying up the board. I took
my silver knife Ive had for years and jacked open the floor
board. Underneath,contained in a one foot long container
was a dark grey scroll. I knew then that the reason for
this family's death was because of this scroll. I decided to
hold on to it, not yet reading the text, so it wont happen
to another helpless family. Three day's I have walked
to the north of the massacre, not yet looking at the scroll.
Half way back to Sanaria I began to hear whispers coming from
the shadows of the container. I let temptation get the 
best of me, so i opened it up and slowly undid the scroll.
 
the scroll reads:
 
  Through the ancient land told
  Comes with it Evil to behold.
 
  The darkness and death I command
  To only one,The most powerful
  Who will stand.
 
  Through the Mountains of the East
  And the Deserts of the West I am found
  Only through the fissure in the ground.
 
 
This understand this scroll took much skill andknowledge of
ancient text. I soon decifered it and came to believe that they
are the directions to something dark,powerful,and very old.
The scoll also told me of Deserts and Mountains.
 
 
    After beholding the knowledge of the ancient scroll I 
make my way to Sanaria. While im taking refuge at the city inn, 
I prepare for the future events to come. I've decided to
make my way to the Eastern mountain ranges that are spoken
of in the scroll. Hopefully,there i will find another scroll,
or even the dark power thats being spoken of.
 
 
Drandego.
~

Sender  Marco~
Date    Mon Sep  4 03:25:50 2000~
Stamp   968030812
Expire  968894757
To      all~
Subject The Dungeon~
Text
I have escaped the dungeon, I'll meet Quolat at the front
gate, but I will remain silent. I can only hope this message
will reach a member of my group, if so try to communicate
with me.
 
 Marco the Silent.
~

Sender  Quolat~
Date    Mon Sep  4 05:59:13 2000~
Stamp   968040201
Expire  968903967
To      all~
Subject Peace has been made.~
Text
As of today Argus and Mordukhan have finally made peace between
both kingdoms,as we talked about this we came to the desicion
on making peace.This war we were fighting lead nowhere and 
grew old and tiresome.It took time before we came to this agreement
though for old grudges that were held on my behalf had to be
forgotten.Also Mordukhan will get all their area's back.
If needed,we will assist them in taking their area's back.
 
 
Farewell,
 
 
Lord Master Quolat
~

Sender  Galadan~
Date    Mon Sep  4 22:20:54 2000~
Stamp   968100566
Expire  968962856
To      all~
Subject Plans..~
Text
Striding down Murk street, the dark figure swept by. Cutpurses
noting the richness of his clothing and seeking easy pray fell
back upon observing that he did not stride at all, but floated
a handsbreadth above the ground.
 
 
Approaching the wrought iron gates of a decrepit old manor, he
did not slow his pace. At a slight gesture of his hand the gates
swung open. Two hooded and cloaked men seemed to spring from the
shadows pooling under the high wall and fall into step with the
dark figure. The strange group walked along the tree lined path,
towards the dark house farther ahead. The grounds of the manor
wild and unkempt, dark twisted trees bending to grasp at anything
alive, all seemed to part ways for the man who never slowed, his
cape rippling with his speed.
 
Arriving at the huge oak doors, another small twitch of the fingers
threw them open. Still striding through the huge entrance hall of
the manor, he threw his arms apart, and his cape began fluttering
to the ground, only to be caught by one of the hooded men, who
promptly fell away from the figure, into the pools of shadow that
the burning torches in brackets on the walls did not touch.
 
 
The remaining hooded man hurried in front of his master, opening
the bound iron doors of the study. The man floated in, and finnaly
slowing, came to rest in a huge padded leather chair, behind a
large desk cluttered with leather bound books, boxes, spell components
and other odds and ends.
 
 
Reeves, my tonic. he said to the hooded man. Reeves bowed and turned 
on his heal, leaving his master alone in the study. Galadan nodded
towards the door of the study and it slammed shut. Settling back in
his chair he took in the familiar surroundings. The study was organized
choas. Books everywhere, lining huge shelves on the walls, pilled on
chairs in precarious piles, and even on the floor, being used as 
makeshift stands for the spell components, candles, rare artifacts
and unidentifiable objects that littered the room.
 
Pulling a small pouch from his cloak, a look of child like glee
replaced the stony calm that had been on Galadan's face.
He set the pouch down on the desk, and moved an obsidian box 
inlaid with silver towards him. Opening it up his features
widdened into a full smile. 'You dont think any of them suspect
do you?' he said with a mocking grin towards a tall figure
armored in gold and silver, wearing a white cloak, who stood
at attention in a dark corner. 'No sir, they do not.' said
the armored man, with a voice like iron. Galadan laughed.
"Even that fool Sarlos knows nothing, he snorted, immortal
indeed! Pah! He is weak, and shall be one of the first to fall..
but not yet...no, my plans are comming together very quickly now
but there is time yet to prepare."
 
He opened the pouch, and letting its contents fall into the palm
of his hand, he set it inside the velvet interior of the box,
"This at least is done. Now I have only to find one skillfull
enough to complete it." Within the box now sat three strange
artifacts. A small chip of unknown metal, glowing with a Holy
white light, a shard from some cylindrical glass object, swirling
with color, and the last that he had just put in, a piece of
silver, polished to a bright sheen.
 
"None even though to question my luck at finding both of these,
he said, gesturing towards two of the artifacts. Fools, all of 
them. Well they will soon know, it shall be revealed to them."
Smirking towards the armored man he said in a sly tone: "I give
you leave to go, old friend, but return to me. And be wary of
your tongue, none of them must know that a Paladin serves the
dark."
~

Sender  Glandor~
Date    Tue Sep  5 04:04:50 2000~
Stamp   968119862
Expire  968983501
To      all~
Subject Narssius and Me~
Text
Just the other day as i was walking down the street,
i noticed a rather strong being comanding a small, but
elite, group of warriors.  I watched them battle for
a moment, then noticed that I had herd of one of my
friends talking about joining a new, but strong, group
much like this one.  I noticed that my friend was one
of them.  I knew then and there, as i watched them fight,
that i wanted to become one of these, these elite fighters
I talked to some people about them, I found out that they
went by the name of Narssius. So i now ask the leader,
will you let me join the ranks of your great Kingdom.
 
Glandor, Knight of Pain
~

Sender  Drandego~
Date    Tue Sep  5 16:23:47 2000~
Stamp   968164610
Expire  969027851
To      all~
Subject Search for the Dark Power, Part 2~
Text
Enterance of Death
 
 
 
 
My new goal in life has been made clear to me. I will go
find this Dark Power and take claim of it. The Tears of a lost
family are on the back of my mind as I saddle my horse and take
the journey to the far east of Thera.
 
The scroll mentions the mountains in the far east of Thera,
the desert that lays waist in the west,and a fissure somewhere
between. The journey will prove to be arduous and confusing, but i
promise on the lost lives that i will survive. I leave for the
mountains. Upon leaving a old decreped man falls at my horses 
hooves. He talks about a man that was sent to help them in time
of need,but soon became corrupt and took over his town. Before
I put him out of his misery he spoke of the city being in the far
east just before a large mountain range. I knew that there had
to be some kind of connection. The journey to the town took 3 days
out of my life, but Ive made it unscaved.
 
 
There I saw the terror the old man had spoke of. Bodies lay
half buried in the ground, cries of terror and loyalness ring
through out the town. It was a sight i almost enjoyed but found
no refuge in it. I knew this must stop now, no man other than 
myself should have this much power over someones life. I asked
around looking to find the beast that done this. Coming to a 
tavern yielded the only viable signs of life. The bartender stood
handing his poison, and the whores in the back handed out theirs.
I krept up to the bartender and asked what has gone on in the city.
He spoke of a man named Seik that rules the land with an iron
fist. He told me the location in which he hid, the mountains.
That was the proof i needed that something dark hid in the 
mountains and that this man named Seik found it.
 
 
I packed my backpack and made my hike up the mountain side.
It was easy to track down the man by the line of bodies that marked
a huge gash in the side of the mountain. Making my way to the 
entrance i heard the cries of death ring louder and louder.
I entered the cave cautiously,the sight was unbelievable...
 
 
          To Be Continued...
 
 
Drandego
~

Sender  Quolat~
Date    Wed Sep  6 03:00:00 2000~
Stamp   968202395
Expire  969066019
To      all~
Subject Assisting Narssius~
Text
Salutations all,
 
 
 
As of today me and some of the knights of the Argusian council have meet
and decided to assist the Great kingdom of Narssius in any way we can
possibly help.We will provide weapons,supplies and funding to help you
build your kingdom.
 
 
Sincerely,
 
Lord Master Quolat
~

Sender  Salindor~
Date    Wed Sep  6 03:29:33 2000~
Stamp   968204211
Expire  969067801
To      all~
Subject The aftermath of the fight~
Text
So soon after everyone has watched our enemy flee have
we reverted back to not caring.  My hope of keeping 
Thera united until the enemy is dispathed didn't last
long and two magical items that are impossible to
destroy have been taken.  
Very well.  I will have to do what I do best.  What
the commander didn't realize is that the second song
was a special probe.  Unforntuanelty, what it revealed
everyone already knows.  But the nice thing of that 
particular spell is it will allow me to study him
without the danger of meeting him.  So far all I can
do is perform research in the Sanarian Library, hope
to find some piece of ancient knowledge that has been
forgotten.  I am afraid if I can not find anything
then Thera will end up like that other world I helped
bring back.  This time I do not think the planet will
be willing to give its inhabitants a second chance.
So I guess all I can do is pray that I will come upon
something that will aid the world and save everything.
 
Salindor
~

Sender  Mojo~
Date    Wed Sep  6 21:11:46 2000~
Stamp   968267758
Expire  969131515
To      ALL~
Subject Forsaken~
Text
I am forsaking my quest for the forest mother and am now
taking it upon myself to complete my tasks in another manner.
I see no reason not to join one of the numerous kingdoms sprouting
amongst the lands of Thera and therefore offer my services to any
who wish to have me amongst their ranks.  I cannot say I am a
master warrior, or spellcaster of great worth, what I can say
is that I am loyal, dedicated and trustworthy beyond any doubt.
 
 
  Mojo Brown
~

Sender  Kulgan~
Date    Thu Sep  7 03:36:34 2000~
Stamp   968290736
Expire  969154606
To      All~
Subject Scone is a coward~
Text
To all thera,
 
a coward named scone insulted me and then tried to get me
to fight him.
 
  well you may say whats wrong with that? well you see scone
only wanted to fight me because he had a group of friends waiting
to help him fight me because he knew that i would kill him.
 
 -Kulgan
~

Sender  Niyon~
Date    Thu Sep  7 21:35:06 2000~
Stamp   968355613
Expire  969219324
To      all~
Subject recruting for the kingdom of aldon~
Text
listen up everyone we the kingdom of Aldon are trying to 
get some new members in our great kingdom.  We will 
be recruting for some new members to strengthen 
out great kingdom sooo if you would like to join 
in the ranks of aldon talk to me or geoph and we will
see if you have what it takes to join aldon.  Me or 
geoph will give you a task to complete to see if you are 
worthy of joining our great kingdom. 
 
thats about all for now 
 
Niyon
~

Sender  Mojo~
Date    Thu Sep  7 23:00:35 2000~
Stamp   968361228
Expire  969224443
To      ALL~
Subject The Adventures of Mojo Brown~
Text
After years of searching for the ever elusive "Heart of
the Forest", Mojo began to wonder if perhaps his life's quest,
was in fact, a ruse.  Upon following yet another wild goose
chase into foreign lands, he was set upon by a gibbering band
of maniacal woodelves.  Mojo could not bring himself to hurt
these poor mindless creatures and made an attempt to flee.
Yet the mad Elves would not stop harrasing this kind soul,
and despit all his efforts, Mojo could not flee from their
gibbering gibberish and pathetic attacks.
  Well, all would have been well, but during Mojo's journeys
he had befriended a fuzzy wittle black spider with a 
strange hourglass symbol on it's back.  During the insane
elves assault, the poor spider fell from it's perch on Mojo's
shoulder and was trampled beneath the feet of the elves.
 
  Mojo could no longer contain himself, years of fruitless
searching and aimless wandering had taken it's toll on the
poor Ogre, and in one moment of anger, all his pent up
hatred and frustrations came bursting forth.  In a blind
rage, he tore the woodelves to pieces.
 
  This in itself would not have been such a teribble
thing, for the elves had been the attackers, and Mojo
was clearly defending himself.  But soon after the battle,
he came upon a quiet little village, a village filled with
elves, not the mad gibbering ones he had found in the village,
but peaceful elves, full of goodness and truth.
 
 
  Something very terrible happened that day, for when Mojo
left that village, naught but corpses and burned out huts
remained.  And as he wandered the forests, Mojo could be heard
whispering aloud, "Fuzzy, here fuzzy, here fuzzy, fuzzy..."
~

Sender  Kazin~
Date    Thu Sep  7 23:27:14 2000~
Stamp   968362232
Expire  969226050
To      all~
Subject Progress~
Text
Sanaria,the 32nd of the month of Great Lust
                            Day of Freedom.
                            Posted to the citizen of thera,
                            Writed by The Warlock Kazin of the
                            mage of Aldon.
Greeting citizen,
 
We ,of the honorable kingdom of Aldon, descided to share
with the rest of the population of Thera our improvement in magic since 
the apocalyspe. After the apocalyspe magic almost been lost in the mind
of a lot of people but Aldon was born and we improved the magic in  all
his side, the healing of the cleric is becoming stronger,the mage spells
are incresing in power and the prodigys mind a become bigger then ever.
Even us Aldonnian found a way to increase our healing power of almost
the double by trnaforming ourself and devoloped a new style of trance
that make us heal our mind power 2 time faster than ever.
 
Its only the beginning of a great revolution in all kind of magic,
progress is what will make the realm stronger, its what will make thing
change in our life.
 
We are looking forward in the futur to invent new thechnique of magic
to improve our lifes, to make us feel better, more comfortable and
improve our life style.
 
Warlock Kazin of Aldon.
 
~

Sender  Kanshin~
Date    Sat Sep  9 00:40:54 2000~
Stamp   968454422
Expire  969316893
To      all~
Subject Black Sunday~
Text
Argghhh!!! I woke up feeling sick in my stomach, sweats
covering my face and my hands were shaking... It is been 
some time since I set out the last quest to find the Ancient
Temple and there came face to face with Ancient Dark God Kazmir.
Since that day I took an oath to serve this Dark God, and since
that day I felt the power flowing in my veins... and yet since then
I have been having these strange nightmares, sometimes even visions
of men, warriors, fighters and mages screaming from the pain that 
I had gave them in the past with my Dagger DoomBringer. I can not
explain why I have been cursed with these visions though I think 
this is the one prize I had to take from accepting the power and 
making this oath to The Dark God Kazmir. Nothing's wrong with it.
 
But then past Sunday, I awoke from my sleep with same dreams and 
I decided to ride out into town for a cup of whine and ale...
I rode out on my horse on the path which was so dark and ominiosuly
calm... Then on the way I came across the burned down houses and farms
that was caused by the perovious war between the 2 great kingdoms.
As I was riding along the trail, suddenly Dark shape creature from they
sky landed a few feet ahead of me. The creature had a ruby red eyes 
and though I can not see the whole form I know this creature is from 
the Dark lands that carrys news. I fully stoped making my horse nervous
infront of the creature... I had to becareful of their kinds and without
having to remind myself to take the DoomBringer out, the DoomBringer had
already meterilize in my hand. Then the Creature said with a voice that
make even The Dark Kanshin shivers... Well I can not tell you what the
whole message was but it was the call from the Dark God Kazmir and that
he needed my service and to be arrived at the lands beyond light,
the dark lands only known to the Lightsbane of Mordukhan and his 
followers. So without a question, I dismounted from my horse and 
whisper him to go back to my castle and mounted on this sky creature.
 
The Creature flew with suprising speed and stealth making undetected 
against the town guards and toward the portal to the Dark lands....
 
 
{DLord Kanshin The Dark{x
~

Sender  Imrahil~
Date    Sat Sep  9 03:19:05 2000~
Stamp   968462565
Expire  969326352
To      caldon all~
Subject our kingdoms~
Text
A missive to the Honorable Caldon, Leader of Narssius.
 
I, Imrahil, invite you to a meeting in the castle of
Gondor, upon which the construction has finally ended
You need not fear us, however I will understand if you
do not feel safe about coming to a strange place unarmed
and alone.  Therefore, you may, if you wish, bring along
with you a guard of honor, or advisor(s) as you see fit.
I will anxiously await your response.
 
I wish to discuss with you the impact you and your kingdom
may or may not have upon the land, and get to know you better.
Certainly as a colleague, or fellow leader, but hopefully
also to forge the foundations for a friendship.
 
Signed,
Imrahil, King of Gondor, Watcher of the Woods
~

Sender  Dresc~
Date    Sat Sep  9 06:54:41 2000~
Stamp   968475627
Expire  969339290
To      all~
Subject Altherion~
Text
Today, a thief known as Altherion was using powerful scrolls of
seduction to trick my comrades into believing anything this man
said.  Due to these scrolls, Altherion was able to make Gage
remove all of his equipment and put it into boxes for an easy
fight, and easy looting...  Another thing of note would be the
fact that Altherion gave Gage's prize possession, a Sword, to
Paladar.  This leads us to believe that Paladar is helping the
thief, and this must be stopped.  We WILL kill Altherion AND
Paladar for these offenses to Narssius.
 
Dresc, {MS{moul{RR{reaver{w
 
ps. We'll take all of their equipment, just as he did to Gage....
~

Sender  Salindor~
Date    Sat Sep  9 16:55:14 2000~
Stamp   968512067
Expire  969375324
To      all~
Subject Journal entry #6~
Text
Hearing what has happened to Mojo is disturbing me.  If
only there was something I could do.  Maybe I could find
the heart and let mojo know the location. . .but even if
I found the heart and let mojo know, would he believe me
or would he take it as some cruel joke.  If only there 
was some way to help him, but one problem at a time.  First
I need to refine my skills and look for possible ways to
destroy the artifacts Sarlos has.  Thankfully I now have
help.  I ran into an old friend of mine Sebestian a couple
of weeks ago.  The meet was pure coicedice, but I let him
know of my problem- I can sing part of the song to the 
planet, but here, I require Naturalistic magic for it to
do anything more useful than causing the wind to stir.
However singing the song to that kind of magic is strange
and difficult.  Sebestian becomes one with the air where
if I was to disturb it, I weaken his spell instead of
amplifling it.  But I definantly feel the other half, we
just need to figure out how to cast our own magic all over
again.  Hmm, maybe once we figure out how to combine the
magic we can use it to locate the heart of the forest, no
doubtful.  I will have to contact my colleagues and see
what stories there are that point there.  I hope I can find
a way to help him.
 
Salindor
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Sat Sep  9 17:51:20 2000~
Stamp   968515145
Expire  969378711
To      all Aldon Geoph~
Subject Kurnous sabotage.~
Text
Geoph, you indeed must learn to control your members in Aldon
if you do not wish for them to make enemys you sure wouldnt want.
We of Mordukhan were attempting to make arrangements for taking
over control of New Thalos when Kurnous, a member of Aldon who
according to his own claims acted on his own, sabotaged us in a
way making it impossible to finish our project. This we indeed
consider to be a hostile act performed by a member of Aldon, and
if you do not find a suitable punishment for Kurnous and a suitable
payment to Mordukhan for our ruined efforts, we will move to punish
Kurnous ourselves, and greatly highten the demand for tribute from
Aldon.
Now we see it as a fine tribute should Aldon aid us in taking control
of New Thalos.
You have 24 hours to reply to this friendly message, or we will consider
your lack of reply as an invitation to punish Kurnous ourselves.
It would be a sad way to bring on unfriendlyness and war if it was due
to the foolishness and arrogance of one Aldon member dont you think?
 
 
Azazel, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Kurnous~
Date    Sat Sep  9 18:01:17 2000~
Stamp   968516427
Expire  969379299
To      all~
Subject Sabotage~
Text
Citizens of Thera, I ask but a simple question. If thy neighbor
were to leave excrement on your doorstep, would you smile at him,
bid him good day, or even bake him a pie? I think not. Mordukhan
engaged in the relocation of a part of a populous of a city, New
Thalos, to what they perhaps thought of as a convenient dumping
ground. It just so happens that they neglected to tell the dumping
ground about this relocation. Imagine my surprise when I found
refugees standing on my doorstep, huddled together in their fright
of such harsh treatment by their self proclaimed new regime. Looking
into the forlorn eyes of one refugee, a little girl by the name of
Sara, my heart was touched. I asked her "Why do you cry, little one?"
And her response chilled me to the core of my being. "They took my
daddy." Apparently he was not part of the "relocation." I made an
instant decision. The fury of Nature was in my soul. I had become
Kurnous the {gGreen {GMan{x, defender of Nature and all her
children. I called upon my druidic powers as the fury washed over
my resolve. I would return this action upon such despots. I opened
a rift in space and arrived just outside the city of New Thalos to
find more refugees. I quietly ushered them back into the city, yet
I realized that merely bringing the people back was not enough. I
brought forth from the nearby waters an elemental. I reformed the
very air into another. It was still not enough. I called upon other
cities to loan the defenseless aid and they sent me some soldiers.
I needed something more, then I saw the candle. Like the feeling of
hope in the hearts of the people of New Thalos it was flickering,
dieing. I called upon the forces of Nature to aid me. The flame grew
into an inferno given form. This was a satisfactory guardian. I wandered
throughout the city helping whom I could, all the while being cursed
by the warrior despots of Mordukhan. Finally, I, a single "weak
one" of Thera, prevailed in my quest. New Thalos was free.
   I say to all of Thera, I do not regret my decision, nor will I
apologize for my action as is wished. It was an action unbeknownst
to my superiors, an action of justice, but unbidden to say the least.
If Mordukhan wishes to create out of this an excuse for war, I shall
willingly leave from Aldon, lest they be drug into this debacle.
Yet this I swear to you on this day, by the Gods and the Earth Mother,
so long as I draw breath, the people of New Thalos shall remain free.
 
 
            Kurnous
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Sat Sep  9 18:25:09 2000~
Stamp   968517493
Expire  969380729
To      all aldon Kurnous~
Subject Kurnous feeble arguments.~
Text
You know very well Kurnous, or your superiors must at least
know that it is a quite normal procedure to re-arrange the
inhabitants of a large city such as New Thalos during the
preperations for moving in Garrisons. While we had arranged
a suitable camp for New Thalos Inhabitants just outside the
city, we we're debating with the construction workers of the
city about where and how we could find housing for our troops.
And housing amongst other possibilities included some living in
private homes untill barracks could be build. As we could not
force the citizens to live in the mess created by the enlargement
of their homes, and we could not risk their lives having them around
while we drove off demons such as The Lost Soul and The Black Cat,
we calmy helped them to a camp we had build outside the citywall with
intend to move them back as soon as possible.
You claim that you tried bringing the citizens back to their homes,
but in fact you we're bringing them back into a dangerous battle
where we were driving out the foul demons lurking in the alleys of the
city. Furthermore you used your magic to force Gerighelm guardsmen
away from duty in gerighelm and into New Thalos, guards working for
mordukhan and on duty in gerighelm. Ontop you unleashed elementals at
every gate of New thalos letting them outta your grasp which must be
considered hazardous as they could have run rampant.
Basically your socalled help comes down to Unleashing dangerous beings
known as elementals, using magic to force Mordukhan employees away from
guard duty in gerighelm, and risking the lives of the people in yhe city
by bringing them back to a battlescene.
I dont want to hear anymore foolish attempts at justifying your actions,
as both your intentions and what you did is highly questionable.
Instead I will talk to your superiors.
 
 
Azazel, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
 
OOC. I dont know how else you can describe that an area has to be
completely empty, or how any goodaligned kingdom would conquer any 
areas at all if Kurnous RP is to be called satisfactory.
Basically Kurnous ruined our attempt to conquer NT, and we
are pissed. So, dont push it.
~

Sender  Kurnous~
Date    Sat Sep  9 18:40:41 2000~
Stamp   968518607
Expire  969381664
To      all~
Subject Reposte~
Text
Ah the well grounded arguments of Mordukhan. Insult first then cut
conversation before they can reply, or claim to ignore all further
argumentation. Such a witty and well thought out argumentative
strategy. Yet I digress. Were you to know anything of me, or my
heritage for that matter, you would understand more of my position
and my actions. Yes, I brought guards from posts of other cities.
Yes, I unleased the at times chaotic and definately powerful force
of the elements given form, elementals, into the city amongst the
populous. Yes I shephered the frightened people of New Thalos back
into their homes while the chaotic fury of battle raged about them.
All of those statements are fact, and I freely admit to them.
  The guards I brought from their posts, as I explained came of
their own accord. Take the matter up with your barracks captains, 
though I do admit I did not tell the guards the oppressive force
of invasion was their own master. The guards acted bravely and I must
say with unparalleled skill in getting the people safely back into
their homes. I did bring people into the chaos you created with your
invasion, but I didn't lose one soul to your demons. That was why
I unleashed the elementals. An elemental is a product of Nature
herself, and as such hates all that is unnatural. Demons fit under
that category, in case you were wondering. It is an especially
unpleasant sight to see the results of an Elemental of Fire catching
up with a demon whose main weapon is that very element. Very unpleasant.
I understand that the druids have been away for so long that one
could forget their abilities, and that there are few to see in action.
But now you know.
    I invite you to talk to my superiors, but they are not the harsh
despots of ... other kingdoms. I will be punished, and I may well be
banished, but I know that this day I brought some people hope, which
is all I could ever wish to do.
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Sat Sep  9 18:58:43 2000~
Stamp   968519425
Expire  969382749
To      all Kurnous Aldon~
Subject The takeover of New Thalos.~
Text
You as well as many others seem to have misinterpreted the
very essence of how Mordukhan work.
We do NOT invade, kill and slaughter the inhabitants of cities
we wish to settle town garrisons in. We being intelligent people
know very well that the prosperity of a city is relying on its
inhabitants, and that invading, slaughtering and opressing those
who populate cities we wish to have garrisons in would be pure
stupidity as it would destroy what makes the city worth anything.
This should be quite simple to understand as it is not highly
advanced politics im introducing here. We do not kill merchants,
as they make a city prosper, we do not kill or oppress citizens
as they are the foundation which merchants buisnesses are build
upon, and we do not rob the citizens of their gold, as gold needs
to flow freely in a society in order to develop into a larger amount.
Mordukhan negotiates with the city governments, and we can usually
offer things highly usefull for the city. New Thalos required our
protection from the Devils of the wrecked Lankford ruins, and safe
travel routes to cities surrounding it without having to fear
thieves and robbers from Arkham. new Thalos city council and the
royal house were quite pleased at our offer, and they even assisted
with re-arranging the population during our attempt to drive off
the demons.
Your actions are questionable Kurnous, and your arguments are feeble.
Your sabotaged buisness you did not comprehend, without thinking about
the consequences of yourself and that of your kingdom.
 
Azazel, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
 
OOC. People have all the way since the beginning RP'ed towards Mordukhan
as if we were HORDE.
We are NOT savages who kill, murder, invade and oppress, we are highly
intelligent buisnessmen who manipulate, negotiate and use diplomacy
to reach our goals. We are smart enough NOT to kill inahitants of
cities as it would destroy income..WE ARE NOT HORDE.
The next person labeling Mordukhan as a HORDE-like savage killing
kingdom will not even be met with a reply.
~

Sender  Kull~
Date    Sat Sep  9 21:35:13 2000~
Stamp   968529137
Expire  969392134
To      all argus~
Subject My Leaving~
Text
Greetings Fellow knights, citizens...
 
Recently, I've been busy building my new castle on the east
of Sanaira... And a few days ago I had a long talk with Lord
Master Quolat about our long past adventures and the battles we
fought together side by side and mostly how 3 of us friends came
together and with the strength and hornor and might, formed the
Nation of Argus. Well many years had past and now we grown old
and yet attained great wisdoms and hornor. And I had ask him
what is he plan to do now since the long unfamous war between 
2 great nations Argus and Mordukhan. He told me that he wish to
travel far away from this land and explore the other part of world.
I smiled upon his answer and yet a sadness grew inside of me to say
goodbye to this long time trusted fellow knight. So we spent our
evening talking about our lives, and how food in Bradely Inn taste
very good and all other things... 
 
Later that night he rode out on his horse parted from my castle 
wishing my best of luck in my life whatever I do and told me that
our lives will come across somewhere in future someday...
I waved him goodbye too and came back in my study room and had a 
long thought about what I should do with my life since the war is
over and my friend is gone... So I came to a concluion to set out
my journy too because I still desier the adventures... A man got 
to choose and make important dessions in his life sometime and he
can never do 2 things at once. So I wrote this note to say that
I Kull Knight of The Rose will be parted away and sadly leave this
Nation of Argus. I will be ready to set out on this long journy 
in a few days and I wish you the best of luck and keep the Nation
strong fellow knights. *bow*
 
Kull Knight Of The {RRose{x
~

Sender  Mojo~
Date    Sat Sep  9 21:40:48 2000~
Stamp   968529304
Expire  969392464
To      ALL~
Subject The Further Adventures of Mojo Brown~
Text
-Scribed from the anals of Bremmon D'kanth, High-Loremaster-
 
 
 
the  Upon Mojo's fall from grace, he quickly lost all interest
in the protecting the forests he was loved and cherished.  His
mind lost in a sea of anarchy and confusion.  Why Mojo was forced to
endure such terrible deeds is beyond me, yet endure he did.  But
thI forget myself.  Mojo wandered the land, his life filled with little
nmore than hollow pleasures and bandiry.  Those he once considered
friends were forgotten or ignored.  He went from village to village,
sometimes aiding those in need, sometimes selling his sword arm to
[Droving armies.  He committed as many evil deeds as good, and at any
given point he might change his mind, sometimes turning on those he
was helping and attacking them, sometimes switching sides in a battle
he was winning and turning the routers into the routees.  Invariably,
he was unstable, calm and quiet at one moment, a manical madman the 
next....
 
 
  His actions in this time of strife would brand him forever.
 
~

Sender  Damian~
Date    Sat Sep  9 21:53:12 2000~
Stamp   968530351
Expire  969393236
To      all~
Subject Journy with Kull~
Text
I Damian the Holy Knight and a veteran of all Wars and 
Defender of innocent here to explain to you citizens a few
things of my life and my departure from The Nation Of Argus.
 
A year ago, at this day and month, I remember I was on a mission
to purge the fouls creatures that were killing and looting this
village near Dwarven Kingdom with my friend Kull and his men.
It was that day my life almost ended by a foul Draconian Sword
if it wasn't for kull. Yes, he had saved my life that day and
for that I can not ever repay him. I thank him deeply and our
friendship became even more stronger. I had assisited my kull
in many combats and we were involved in alot of unknown wars
on a mission to purge the evil soldiers and creatures....
Yesterday I was riding out in a street of Sanaira and went to
the Inn to stop for my lunch. The food there was great and
I was enjoying myself pretty much. As usual the drunks were
on the floors and the inn was pretty crowded. And the door
to the inn opend and everyone attention go on this new comer
and went back to whatever they were doing. I couldnt see
this new person clearly because the sunlight was against my
face but I regonize the Rose marks on his Breastplate and
the sword that hangs on his side. Kull looked even more 
grand even though he had grown older. I smiled at him
and he walked across the room toward my table....
 
We talked and eat and drink fine whine of Bradely. And Kull
told me that he was leaving the Nation of Argus and going
on the journy far away from this land. He told me this can
be dangerous for the wild creatures and bandits rules those
dark forest paths... Kull had asked me if I wanted to come with
him on this danger journy and told me that this journy will pay
me nothing but it will make my life more happier. I thought of this
like taking a vacation and leaving all these stress and duties for
a while and hey this can be like our young days! So I told kull that
I will go along with him and I was very suprise and excited of this
journy. So I am here to say that I will be leaving the Nation of Argus,
and will be away with my friend kull.
 
Damian the Holy Knight
~

Sender  Niyon~
Date    Sun Sep 10 00:49:11 2000~
Stamp   968539888
Expire  969403767
To      all~
Subject marle and razuiel of aldon~
Text
well me and marle were just hanging out at the foauntain 
kidding around with each other then raz thought that he 
insulted me.  So he attacted marle. i got them to stop but then 
daisnor of narrsis attacked raz cuase marle was thinking about 
joining narssis. i hope this does not break out into war with these 2 
kingdoms and we can settle this peacefully
 
Niyon
~

Sender  Kanshin~
Date    Sun Sep 10 01:42:44 2000~
Stamp   968544737
Expire  969406989
To      all~
Subject The trip ~
Text
The night sky was so dark.... and so calm. I was on the back
of the creature and our destination is the portal to the
Dark Lands home of the shadow warriors Mordukhan. I was geting
worry that poeple down there would detect us but the creature
flew with deadly silance... I still hold the DoomBringer in my
hand for I do not have trust in these foul creatures. I then
prayed for the Dark God Kazmir to protect me and give me courage.
 
Finally we came to our destination.... The portal! Usually all
portals shines brightly but this one... this one is strange and 
does not represent like others. This one is so dark and black smokes
circling around the portal... It seems like going in there, you would
not come back out alive again... It gives me a shivers through my body
but I need to go in there inorder to answer Dark God kazmir's call.
The creature landed near the portal and I dismounted from it and took
2 steps closer to the portal. I was staring at the portal then I looked
back to tell the creature I do not need him any longer but the creature
was there no more! Without a thought I walked toward the portal, sweats
all over my body. The smells was so evil that I can sense it all around 
me. Before I enter the portal, I looked back to see no one was around
and followed me and just for precaution, I took some magic dust to erase
any kind of signs of footprints. Even though my stealth skill is very
stealthy I can not take any chances. I then enterd the portal!
 
              Dark Lands of Mordukhan
I materilize in the courtyard and there was Mordukhan's Warlocks and
guards were there as if they were expecting me! I could not look stupid
infront of them by showing any sign of fear or excitiment. So I puffed
out my chest and grined at them. There came a blackrobed person
asking me to follow him to meet the lightsbane of Mordukhan and his
followers. I was suprise he didnt mention about Lord Kazmir but follow
I did... we walked across the court yard and some halls and finally
we came to a huge door. The door was so big I suspect that this door
is use by all kinds of creatures not only human... There were 2 Guards
guarding the door and the blackrobe person said a few words and the
guards let us pass. When I step in the hall I sense the power of the
Dark Lord Kazmir it seems like he was everywhere!!! There lightsbane
and his dark generals were studying some sort of map on a table and
they greeted me wellcome. Without any delay they had explained to me
why I have been summoned by the Dark God kazmir. I noded to each
words from lightsbane and there he said I need to go north of this 
castle alone into the temple of Lord Kazmir and there I will recive
my futher detalis from the Dark God himself. Lightsbane told me
no one can enter the temple of the Dark God Kazmir unless you
were a member of Mordukhan and lightsbane told me that I really
should need to see Lord Kazmir and he said he will need my service
and that I should leave rightaway. So without any delay lightsbane
and his generals led me to the room where I was bless and inducted
in Mordukhan. With his 2 handed sword, he blessed me with the Dark
power and I stood up came out from the castle as a Mordukhan Dark
Thief....
 
 
{DKanshin the Dark{x
~

Sender  Imrahil~
Date    Sun Sep 10 08:23:35 2000~
Stamp   968567579
Expire  969431018
To      all~
Subject Mojo~
Text
Sad news reached my ears today.  I've heard that once again
Mojo has started to regress to his more basic nature.  Though
he has been mostly succesfula t keeping it subdued, showing
the values of the Ranger tradition, lately he has apparently
turned his back on all of it.  Everything that defined him
and his existence, everything that made him different from
the other members of his race, has been forgotten.  It is
difficult for me to convey in words how my heart breaks at
finding confirmation of this news.  For I count myself among
the few to call him a friend, and at one time I believed he
called me the same.  I have no choice but to seek him out.
But how to do it...  He must still have the skills of one
of us, the ability to disappear into the forest, to blend in
unnoticed in the naturla world.  How does even a Ranger go
about finding another of his kind who is trying to remain
unseen, hidden away.  He has made his presence known, this is
true, but when following these leads, I constantly find that
he has used fake identities and few know anything about his
past.  Perhaps what distresses me the most is the fact that
he has turned his back on his search for the heart of the
forest.  For I was there as he talked to that most ancienct
of dragons in Elvandar.  I saw the look on his face as he
left, the determination to find this place, or thing.  It
makes me wonder if he has fallen under some kind of evil
enchantment, or if he is just despairing of ever completing
his quest, fallen intpo a deep depression.  Either is plausible
but it is hard to consider either as a possibility.  My only
choice is to seek him out, and confront him.  Hoping against
hope that he recognizes me, and refrains from killing me.  I
must hurry though, for every day lost is another day for him
to fall deeper into himself, another day for him to grow to
his more basic intincts.  I must find him soon, or I fear that
the man I knew as my friend will be gone forever....
 
-* From the diaries of King Imrahil.  Reproduced with permission *-
-* from the Royal Library of Gondor.                             *-
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Sun Sep 10 19:40:09 2000~
Stamp   968608379
Expire  969471638
To      all~
Subject The New Thalos treaty.~
Text
Today was truly a great day for Mordukhan, as we after many
hours of planning, negotiating and fighting managed to sign
a treaty with the City council, The royal house hold and the
Merchants guild of New Thalos.
In order to complete the first part of the treaty we had to move
a majority of the New Thalos citizens outside the citywall, as
we had promised as part of the treaty to slay or drive off some
foul fiends lurking in the alleys and on the graveyard in the
city. We could not risk the lives of the citizens by having them
inside the city, and through a deal with The Kingdom of Aldon,
we arranged housing for the citizens in a camp build with the aid
of Aldons powerfull magic.
When all the inhabitants had been moved to safety we of Mordukhan
clashed with the foul beings still left in the city, and with the
aid of High Wizard Geoph of Aldon, we succeeded in slaying them all.
 
Not only had we promised to rid New Thalos from its unwanted and
monstrous inhabitants, we had also promised to provide safety from
the ruined city of Lankford where many devils dwell. Furthermore we
have arranged safe travelroutes so the merchants can travel between
New Thalos and nearby cities without fearing raids from the thieves
and robbers massing in Arkham.
All these things have we gained through negotiation and hard work,
and the taxes we will earn from this treaty are well earned.
Mordukhan Witchelves now protect the city of New Thalos, and the
citizens have been brought safely back to their homes, now with nothing
to fear from either Lankford nor Arkham.
 
 
Azazel, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Drandego~
Date    Sun Sep 10 22:29:10 2000~
Stamp   968618290
Expire  969481771
To      all~
Subject Search for the Dark Power, Part 3~
Text
Amulet of the Soul Keeper
 
 
 
  I came to this town knowing the pain that has been caused to the
people here. Nothing prepared me for the mountains, I noticed
the symphony of death getting louder with each step. The large 
opening in the side of the mountain was nothing more than a entrance
to an underground cathedral. Once inside, i explored the ruins of a
ancient city. Bodies bared the markings of a sacraficial slaughter,
some are rune spells i remember seeing in the past, and some bodies
missed different appendages. 
  The wales of death ceased for a few moments only to give a final
excrutiating death cry. I ran quickly to where the noise came from.
A large door with the carvings of heaven and hell emodied entrance.
Pushing the door opened made me witness to a large auditorium. A 
single line of seats carved out of stone ran against the wall. The
room sank about two stories to a large squared alter. 
  Standing at the alter was a large man,maybe in his thirties
His arms and chest are huge,this is the largest person ive ever 
seen. He  appeared without a face,and markings of runed tattoos 
all over his body. A large circular amulet dripping with blood centered
as it dangled from his neck. He stared at me as I stared at him. He 
let out a howling scream and asked me what i was doing peering  at
his work. I thought about it for a second and knew that I was probably
his next kill. I stood tall and told him that the deaths of these
people should be for a purpose,and not for the cause of a madman, like
you Seik. 
He suddenly attacked shaping a large sword out of his hand. I 
tried to parry his attack,but i was just to weak for him and he got
me hard in the leg. I then jumped back trying to get some room from
the beast so i can get a good look at what I was facing. He swung
his large arm at me again and again, I started to bleed very badly.
I took a short moment to rething, I quicking uttered the words to
a blind spell. Luckily the spells caught his eyes and he was outta 
business. He went into a rage swinging his weapon around,thrusting
at every noise he heard. I knew that i couldnt keep fighting him
head on. I decided to quietly pronounce the words of a slow spell.
He seemed weak to the magic i casted as he suddenly slowed his 
movement. He was mine, I thought quickly and unhesitantly, I soon
called out the words to my most deadly of spells...corruption.
The fight quickly ended as i casted the final spell which made him
go into a coma like sleep. The corruption soon ended him and all that
was left was the large amulet.
 
 
Stay tuned for Part 4 of the Dark Power,
The western desert
Drandego
~

Sender  Tyrin~
Date    Sun Sep 10 23:52:25 2000~
Stamp   968623395
Expire  969486748
To      all~
Subject The Cold~
Text
I been throughout Thera for many years now, serving the kingdom
of Gondor and upholding justice for as long as I can remember. I
recall battles with my King where we struck down those foes that
stood in our way, in the way of justice. I remember personally 
slaying monsters of incredible strength to further and advance 
the ideals of our kingdom. But what has happened? What has 
happened to the righteous battles? What has happened to my God 
whom I called upon for my powers? I do not know.
 
I remember visiting the Shire, peaceful and free from the troubles
and evils that Thera is so full of. It was a sunny day, the sun 
shone like a beacon, as I sat in the inn drinking my strong brandy.
Everything was as it should be... 
 
I saw my hand, knuckles white, clutching the shaft, trying to 
contain it...what was it? What was the fury? They had done nothing.
 
And then I saw the person, and the eyes, the eyes full of disbelief..
The person, head only a mass of blood and gore, brain splattered 
against the wall, lifeless... cold...
 
What has happened to me? Why this bloodlust? The only way to sustain
is cold...
 
I sit in Lankford, in the cold, surrounded by evil ones who themselves 
are now not so different from me...
 
I look at my mace, and the red stain makes me smile.
 
Tyrin
~

Sender  Aztaroth~
Date    Mon Sep 11 01:28:54 2000~
Stamp   968628824
Expire  969492542
To      all~
Subject Peace didn't last long~
Text
Today, Argus has broken the peace treaty that was signed
only a few days ago.. When Tyrin's mentally unstable mind
found out that it felt like killing me! He and Elecial
cowardly killed me in the lands of the Drakyri.. After
talking to King Imrahil of Gondor, it was clear to me that
Tyrin was acting on his own, and not on the purpose of
Gondor. But Elecial claims that he was hired by Tyrin to
kill me, and that it had nothing to do with Argus either,
but I do not accept that. Even the weak-minded Elecial
would know that it would lead to war if he killed a high
ranked officer of Mordukhan. As Argus has broken the peace
treaty, war has been declared. This time we will not settle
until every last piece of Argus is dead and obliterated.
 
Aztaroth, leader of the Warrior fraction of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN
~

Sender  Imrahil~
Date    Mon Sep 11 01:32:35 2000~
Stamp   968629142
Expire  969492770
To      Mordukhan Aztaroth All~
Subject Tyrin~
Text
I am writing to you to express my deepest, msot sincere
apologies for what happened to Aztaroth.  I feel I must
explain to you why I had no idea this was coming, for I
have been accused of being a 'bad' or 'poor' leader and
king for not knowing beforehand what Tyrin was up to.
He has been hidden away, secretive, a recluse.  I have
been unable to contact him, and though myself and my
messengers have found traces of him in various places,
he is too mobile, too fast, he is too much in the favor
of his God, for us to be able to find him.  
 
We of Gondor try to temper our goodness with acceptance.
As much as possible, we try to remain unprejudiced, and
non-judgemental.  Tyrin has crossed over this line.  He
has been lost, as many in the past have been, in his own
self-righteousness.  He has become prejudiced against all
who go against his standard of what 'good' is.  In light
of this, and his subsequent killing of Aztaroth, he has
been banished from the kingdom of Gondor.  We have been
wrong in the past about you, but it seems that Tyrin has
not been willing to move on.
 
I ask you to not hold my kingdom accountable for the
rogue actions of Tyrin.  I responded quickly, as soon as
I head of what he had done, scratching his name out of
our records.  He is no longer a member.  If you must hold
me accountable, I will understand, but do not hold the
other members of my kingdom to blame for this.
 
Sincerely,
King Imrahil of Gondor
~

Sender  Elecial~
Date    Mon Sep 11 02:22:27 2000~
Stamp   968632197
Expire  969495751
To      All~
Subject My actions.~
Text
Aztaroth, I hope your feeble mind can grasp this.  As an assassin, I 
receive offers to kill people all the time.  It is my profession, if
I do not take up any offers, I get no dinero.  With no dinero, I cannot
eat and drink.  Both of us know, eatting and drinking are vital to the
body if one expects to live.  I did this because I was broke, running
low on food and water, and a dear friend of mine needed my help.
It really upset me though, I never thought you would've dreamt
about doing those perverse things to that poor child.  I was having
doubts about whether or not I should assist my friend, but after your
sick display, I knew that a sick drow like you should not be living.
There is my explaination for my actions.  Azazel, I expect to be dealt
with as an individual.  If you bring my kingdom into this, I will make
your kingdom suffer much much more than it has with the death of this
pathetic general.  So please, take the punishment out on me, not on
the young members of my kingdom who don't stand a chance against you.
After all, all you did was slaughter the women and children of my
kingdom, you never harmed anyone of real importance ( Kingdom Ambassador
or Carvan Leader ).  Well, Sirrah is the exception, you attacked him
two minutes after he awoke, while he was reading his mail.  Such cowards
should be ashamed of yourselves.
 
 
Elecial
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Mon Sep 11 07:30:09 2000~
Stamp   968651093
Expire  969514257
To      Argus Elecial all~
Subject Time to learn.~
Text
As you are a high-ranking officer in the kingdom of Argus, your lack
of political sence and finesse shining through so vividly amuses me
greatly Elecial.
You are about to learn that the actions of a leader mirrors the actions
and intentions of his followers, and as such you act in the name of
Argus as long as your bear the kingdom Mark.
Alas you have brought war and death not only to yourself for your foul
deciet, but also war and death to those who follow you and bear the mark
of Argus. You are about to be taught the obligations that follows when a
person accepts the resposibilities of a high rank in a kingdom, and
those of less experience and rank in Argus are going to be taught what
the result of poor leadership leads to.
 
As for your pathetic excuse used as reason to attack a family member of
mine and an officer in Mordukhan, I can only frown due to the sad and
hardly disguised lies. Spy reports tell us that the kingdom of Argus has
more than 1 million pieces of gold tucked away in the bank, and as such
had no need for petty gold earned through decietfull assassinations. You
acted not based on account of hunger and thirst for food, but instead on
hunger and thirst for blood. This request we will gladly give you now,
as the blood we will grant you will be the blood of those poor members
of Argus you have dragged into war.
 
 
Azazel, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Salindor~
Date    Mon Sep 11 19:18:54 2000~
Stamp   968693681
Expire  969556756
To      all~
Subject Journal entry #7~
Text
Sit in my small study in our castle reading some materials,
and worring.  The small period of peace has ended ubroubtly
A letter from Marcos says he is no longer himself, and I know
I lack the power to aid him back into his body.  Tyrin, one of
my good friends has become lost, and no longer seems to believe
evil can be turned, or at least continue trying.  A new kingdom
has risen up virtually overnight, and to add to the fact the spike
in the number of people killed.  I wonder if I am the only person
to see all these changes in the world.  I almost need an army of
my own just to try and figure out how to fix everything, but even
then I doubt we would be powerful enough.  The sword which belongs
to Derkec is hidden and all the greedy mortals what the sword for 
themselfs.  I have yet to hear Kazmirs response to my reason for
not giving the sword to him and well, that scares me.  Aznor has
disappeared from the lands but then again thats his type too.  Oh
well, I wish him luck where ever he is.  I hope others will come 
and see what is going on and try to correct what is wrong.  So
much to do and so little time to do it in.  Maybe I could purchase
some spell from Aldon to allow me to do twice as much in a day as
normal.  If such a spell exists I prolly couldn't afford it, and 
they prolly wouldn't want to waste it on my studies.  Just gotta
figure out what it is I need to be doing. . .
 
Salindor
~

Sender  Songmeng~
Date    Mon Sep 11 22:19:29 2000~
Stamp   968703757
Expire  969567584
To      all~
Subject My wish to depart from Argus.~
Text
Don't get me wrong.  I do think Argus is a great kingdom and all.
I just don't wish to be a burden to anyone.  I am weak and I admit that.
I wish it didn't come down to this but it's a choice I had to make.
It will do them good to lose the girl in their ranks.  I belive so.
I am sorry for any inconveniance I have brought upon them.  
Please do not turn on me because of my coice.
 
Songmeng*
 
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Mon Sep 11 22:37:56 2000~
Stamp   968705058
Expire  969568691
To      all~
Subject Uhhh Ohh..mind slipping..~
Text
The blood on my scythe...its sooo red...and stuff..hrm.
I am feeling very angry... and I dont know why and stuff.
UuAargghh....big owl speak in head....strange words and stuff..hmm
murder Death beat throttle...uaarg uraagh..hrmph
Here I sit being all angry and stuff in Sanaria...Maybe I was
wrong and all, maybe time to do...stuff...and..yes..hmm
 
 
Azazel...uargh..hrmph
 
 
OOC For those who had a hard time understanding note, I should
advise that I am Insane, and will kick the living daylights outta
whoever I please.
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Mon Sep 11 22:52:20 2000~
Stamp   968705812
Expire  969569549
To      all~
Subject Owl came back!~
Text
Ohhh Nooooo....The owl has returned.....Owl speaks tongue
of pure evil..saying kill kill kill and stuff....I must obey!
Owl of doom forced me to lick on a poisonous frog and stuff, so
now Im even more insane...I cannot control myself...those who
does not follow owl and frog must die!..yes, they surely must.
Follow Owl of Doom and Frog of Death or be slain!..uaarghaa!
 
 
Azazel(Insane) and follower of the owl and the poisonous frog.
 
OOC. yes, this is a joke btw...I need to write this in order to
avoid misunderstandings amongst the hordes of people viewing the
RP showed in the last 2 notes as complete normal and usefull for
this mud. (There you go Kazmir, Noone will be confused now)
~

Sender  Tyrin~
Date    Tue Sep 12 00:12:05 2000~
Stamp   968710681
Expire  969574372
To      all~
Subject The Cold Beneath...~
Text
What can I say about what I have done? I do not know. I
sit in the cold depths questioning where I will be in the
future. I have savagely slaughtered an innocent and yet 
I skillfully disposed of an evil being as of late. Why 
does my fury lead me to kill both good and evil? 
 
I first believed it to be my god's wishes. Perhaps he 
guided my hand as I raised it to send burning light into
my victims. And yet I cannot accept that, for the light,
the light of my God, struck down both the good as well as 
the evil.
 
I am lost. What if I turn against one closer to me and attempt
to slaughter them as I did that poor woman. But on the 
other hand I must move, for I cannot the filth throughout Thera
reside where it may...it must be burnt out...they must be 
purified...
Only the cold...my world is so cold...
 
Tyrin
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Tue Sep 12 02:17:18 2000~
Stamp   968717938
Expire  969581845
To      all~
Subject The Frog of Death~
Text
The Frog of Death might have been slain, but not before it
used its great swamp-magic to unleash...THE {DS{yALAMANDE{DR{y!!
~

Sender  Vorphalack~
Date    Tue Sep 12 12:46:17 2000~
Stamp   968755698
Expire  969619585
To      all~
Subject hmm..~
Text
Hmm... I've decided i'll get out from my studies more
lately... I've really got the taste of killing now..
examining human brains... yes.... kill... bwahahaa..
I shall kill them all... collect bodyparts.. hmm.. 
wonder if bodyparts taste good... I better find out soon
enough.. This is driving me insane... yes.. it sure is..
I'm gonna kill 'em all!! *cackle*
 
-Vorphalack the Suicidal Maniac
~

Sender  Vorphalack~
Date    Tue Sep 12 13:00:04 2000~
Stamp   968756489
Expire  969620410
To      all~
Subject body parts~
Text
hmm.. I'm gonna collect body parts... gnawing on 'em...
until only bones are left... yes... many body parts..
use evil magi to put life in bodyparts! make big skeletons
of evil magi kill everything! yes!! yes!!!! BWAHAHAHA!!!
I will start collecting them... eating them... then create
my army of skeletons.. they will kill everything.. more
bodyparts for me! make even more skeletons!! yes!!!!
KILL EVERYTHING!!! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!
 
-Vorphalack the Suicidal Maniac
~

Sender  Tyranthraxus~
Date    Tue Sep 12 20:35:35 2000~
Stamp   968784084
Expire  969647752
To      ALL~
Subject A posting from the leader of the merry band~
Text
Hello all, I'm Tyranthraxus, Tyr for short, or Ax, or
Tyrant or whatever you feel you need to call me.  I'm
just recruiting for my merry Band of Cutthroats and
scroundrels, I have been acting like a bit of a loony lately
but have found that there are already too many psychos
in this world.  Therefore I have decided to dedicate myself
to simple bullying.  If you like to bully other people,
or are just greedy in general, come see me.  We'll get 
together, bash some poor kids brains in and take his lunch
money.  Or if you think you don't like my attitude and
just wanna come kill me, feel free, I can always use a 
little excersize now and again.
 
 
  Sincerely, Tyranthraxus
~

Sender  Quolat~
Date    Tue Sep 12 21:01:39 2000~
Stamp   968785562
Expire  969649321
To      all~
Subject Elecial's dismissal~
Text
After alot of fighting between the Argus and Mordukhan.
Me and Azazel had thought everything was settled.
But for some strange reason Elecial decided that he would
assist Tyrin in taking the life of Aztaroth.
Elecial has been here since the begining but after peace
was made he broke it.His punishment will be banishment from
the Argus ranks.
 
 
As for Mordukhan declaring war on Argus,this should end.
This has all gone on long enough.
 
 
 
Lord Master Quolat
~

Sender  Damian~
Date    Tue Sep 12 20:32:28 2000~
Stamp   968785721
Expire  969647564
To      all~
Subject Mission turn out opposite~
Text
It has been 5 months since I went along with my friend kull
on his journy. Though I never asked kull what the real main
reason this journy about, I had no idea what lays in future 
await for us. We traveled over thick and dark forests and gods
know what trouble we went through in these wild life. One night
we sat near our small camp fire eating my new fresh rosted boar,
I asked my friend kull what he is after. He told me about that he
was after Ancient jewlery that burried in a deep mountain. I hear 
of this mountain from people and from what I hear I do not like a 
word. For that evil sprits and creatures walks and feeds in those
mountain ranges and inside the mountain. But I had made a good choise
to come along with kull because I can protect him from these creatures.
The talked ended and we slept.
 
A week later of our talk, we came out of the forest and found ourselves
looking at this deep and jagged moutains. There it was this mountain
grows high in the sky and you can't see the top of it because clouds
were all around and it was coverd. We walked toward the base of the
mountain and took us a few hours though it seems like so near from the
forest where we stood and watched. But finally we were there....
There was this huge door cover with dust and spider webs. Also I notice
there was these Ancient writings on the sign of the door though both
of us couldn't understand. " Never mind those words Damian, as for our
goal and maybe even treasure lays in there " kull said. The door opend
to us without any resistance as if something or someone knows we were
here.... I drew my sword out and we headed inside deep deep mountain of
Kahala.
 
        Mission turned out opposite, Ancient Demon ghost.
We walked along the dark cave carefully not touching anything on 
slimy walls and serching for any sign of traps on the path. I didn't
know how long the time had pass since we entered this cave, but 
finally we came to a huge stone door. Again there was Ancient writings
everywhere on the door and on the walls and this time there was 
a common langague I could read at the end of these writings. It said
" Ancient lost Angel " and again letters that we could not read 
followed afterward. Kull looked me with a grin smile and he pushed
the door open! " Stop kull! stop! we should examine it fir......"
Arghhhhh!!!!! Lights flares up so bright wind roaring everywhere
around us as we were in the center of a cyclone! Then suddenly,
I saw sprits alike creatures or not I couldnt open my eyes enough
to see what they were. They were all around us! I couldn't see
if Kull was ok but I was fighting against these raging winds and
dusts and especially against this light.... This Omen light...
My whole body ached, my mind felt like something is tormenting 
me... My sword that was blessed by my Holy God when I was made
paladin/Defender of Holy light, crumbles into dust leaving my
hand black stained. Oh it was a terrible feeling and I can 
say something Omen... Suddenly all stop! The wind, the sounds,
the light. I opended my eye slowly to see no one beside me.
" Kull!! Kull! Where are you! " I called out but came no answer.
Tired, I fall on the ground started to loose my vision and
falling asslep. Before I close my both eyes completely, I 
manage to see this sprit like thing standing beside me with his
red eyes staring me down. I grab my holy pendant that every
paladins carry for the pendant protect from all kinds of evil
sprits. But to my nightmare and suprise, I found my pendent
no more shining with holy light but dark as those eyes which
were staring me down... The Holy pendant became Unholy relic.
I pass out...
 
 
      Back In town.
" Is that all you remember Damian ? " asked Lord mayor of Sanaira.
" That is all I remember because next thing when I awoke, I found
  myself lying in a forest near the dwarven kingdom and don't ask
  me where did kull go because I do not know! " 
" Damian this talk is over and I can see you are very tired so
  you can go back to rest, we'll talk more when you are better Damian"
  said the Lord Mayor of Sanaira.
 
 
To be continue....
 
Damian the lost.
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Tue Sep 12 21:31:03 2000~
Stamp   968787572
Expire  969651085
To      all Argus Quolat~
Subject Peace proposal.~
Text
We of The Mordukhan Covenance are pleased to see Elecials
foolish actions recieve just punishment through banishment.
This banishment of the former Kingdom Ambassador Elecial
we have chosen to interpret as Lord Master Quolat and Argus
frowning upon Elecials actions that broke our newly signed
peace. Therefor Mordukhan have proposed peace with Argus with
the only condition that we hope to recieve what of Aztaroths
stolen equipment that can be retrieved as a sign of goodwill
from Argus showing that their involvement in this happening
was non-existing. This ofcourse meens its neccessary for you,
Lord Master Quolat, to approach Elecial and ask for it, but
otherwise I am sure Argus has reserves they would be willing
to share, or that they might even adventure with those of
Mordukhan to try and recover it in the lairs of monsters around
Thera.
 
May this peace last longer than the last one...
 
 
Azazel Shadraoth, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Tue Sep 12 23:03:04 2000~
Stamp   968792899
Expire  969656606
To      all Argus Quolat~
Subject Apologize required.~
Text
I was angered to see my peace proposal to Argus being undermined
by a new Mordukhan recruit named Kanshin as he attacked Sylias
unaware of my negotiations with Quolat and my peace proposals.
Luckily Sylias escaped Kanshins attack, and thus suffered no harm
considering the loss of his life and equipment. I apologize on
behalf of Kanshin, and assure that he has been severely hauled over
for his foolishness considering not being up to date on the diplomatic
actions of his Leader.
I do not wish for this to ruin this attempt at restoring peace,
and therefore hope you will accept my apologies.
 
 
Azazel Shadraoth, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Marco~
Date    Wed Sep 13 01:42:15 2000~
Stamp   968802289
Expire  969666142
To      all~
Subject Forgrey notes.~
Text
 All Therans. The notes that I posted on this board were
all simply forgeries. None of them were true. I was not
dying. And I am fine now. I have torn them down, and I ask
that they not be mentioned again.
 
 As you can all see I am in the best health of my life.
Anyone who doubts that I will prove it to you in the arena.
 
 Marco the Master of the Past.
~

Sender  Salindor~
Date    Wed Sep 13 22:35:11 2000~
Stamp   968878039
Expire  969741326
To      all~
Subject Journal entry #8~
Text
Ah, after talking to Imrahil, without realizing it he
has given me the answer I think I needed.  So with great
excitement, I went out into the woods taking only what I
need to survive the adventure leaving behind excess materials
In the woods, I began singing to sing the song the planet
sang to me.  I am beginning to think it is a calling statement,
a means to communicate between world and me.  As I ventured 
deeper into the woods, my viens pulsed as I sang but I heard
nothing.  But I had a thought, be patient. . .the world is old,
much older than anyone you have met or heard before.  Luckily 
the song is such that I can actually talk while singing, or sing 
other songs, but it is exhausting, as I can not sleep while singing
the song.  I hope to hear the planet again, I can feel the wind
come across the land, the earth move its moments, the fire of the 
lamp at night, and the river from afar flow downstream wearing 
away the land.  The sensations are crazy, but nothing useful
currently.  I think if a mage was to come near they would see
magical tenadrils flowing across in every direction building up to
something, but they spread so closely.  I need to remember last time
I sang, it took three years before I could understand the planet's
singing.  But now that I understand maybe it will only take a few
months.  All I can say is the feelings are beautiful. . .
 
Salindor
~

Sender  Tyranthraxus~
Date    Wed Sep 13 22:45:38 2000~
Stamp   968878184
Expire  969741947
To      ALL~
Subject My Merry Band~
Text
  Greetings all, this is just another posting for
recruitment in my merry band of cutthroats and
scoundrels.  As of late membership has remained at
a steady 100%, as I have yet to quit the band.  
Unfortunately new members are few and far between.
Joining is simple, just talk to me, and I'll size you
up.  If you happen to meet all criteria for joining,
well, yer in!  Good Luck, and remember, just because
he's smaller than you, doesn't mean you can't beat him
up and take his goodies......
 
 
  Sincerely, Tyranthraxus
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Thu Sep 14 01:33:23 2000~
Stamp   968889823
Expire  969752032
To      all Argus Quolat~
Subject Strange happenings.~
Text
Truly strange things take place in these realms, things
so wierd that even I who at all times attempt to be very
well informed, have lost my grasp on the reason of some
of these recent happenings.
 
Finally Lord Master Quolat and I managed to settle a peace
we both found very reasonable, a peace we both saw as being
very needed. For a short while peace reigned, Mordukhan and
Argus allied overcomming past differences, and clashed with
the fierce invaders lead by a demonic almost immortal man
known as "The Commander". Succeeding in banishing him to his
plane of origin, Argus and Mordukhan rejoiced and drank the
ale of victory.
Soon we saw members of the kingdoms once at war, banding in
small bands of adventurers and travelling to different parts
of Thera, fighting foes common to everyone in the group.
 
Then this surge of strange events struck us.
Suddenly and without warning, Kingdom Ambassador Elecial chose
to ignore the peace settled by his Lord Master, thus undermining
Quolats authority, warping Quolats former promises and agreements
turning them into lies. Elecial hired his services to Tyrin and
aided in bringing death to a Mordukhan Fraction Leader known as
Aztaroth, and thus forced Mordukhan to hastily declare a state
of emergency and war. Ofcourse declaring war was a neccessity,
as a second in command of Argus such as Elecial normally through
his actions would be mirroring the intentions of Argus, but this
should soon prove to be different making things even more weird.
 
Shortly after Elecial broke the newly signed peace Quolat approached
Mordukhan with apologies and the promise of Elecials banishment.
Quolat seemed intend on recovering the lost peace, and he seemed
indeed very angered by Elecial having ignored his orders of peace
and filthing Quolats name by changing his promise of peace to lies.
 
Now the strangeness in all this became even more profound, as many
have seen Elecial traveling Thera still bearing the mark of Argus.
Many have begun to wonder if Lord Master Quolat's leadership of his
Kingdom is so feeble that he allows Elecials actions. Will Quolat
in fact allow Elecial to disobey direct orders and make him a liar?
 
In an attempt to solve this mystery, I ofcourse approached Quolat
to ask howcome Elecial had not been banished from the ranks of Argus
as Quolat himself had explained earlier he would. It appeared as if
Quolat either had forgotten about his past promises, or attempted to
forget or ignore them. I was puzzled...
 
Quolat, do you still wish to bring peace to the land as we did earlier 
by making som crucial decisions considering Elecials membership of
Argus, or do you really want to portray yourself as a weak leader by
keeping him in your ranks, thus displaying to the Theran inhabitants
that Argus and its leaders allow their members to act as they please
even when it throws an entire world into war?
I surely need some answers to all these questions, because I can not
keep trying to find reason in all this when your actions seem to be
pointing in either way, your intentions changing about as often as the
wind changes direction.
 
I need answers to finally be able to bury this unreasonable war.
 
 
Azazel Shadraoth, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Quolat~
Date    Thu Sep 14 04:10:53 2000~
Stamp   968897701
Expire  969761469
To      All~
Subject Azazel.~
Text
Azazel I am going to make this short, And I hope it is
quite clear to you. Yesterday in private I told you I was
going to take time to think over the banishment of Elecial.
That is what I intend to do. Be patient.
 
Second. Seeing how you bring this subject into the eyes of
the people then I will as well. For YOUR insults to my abilty
to lead I will tell you this. Insult me once more and I will
have made my descion much quicker and much easier.
 
I hope that isn't to subtle for you Azazel.
 
 Lord Master Quolat High Knight of Tactics.
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Thu Sep 14 11:14:21 2000~
Stamp   968923323
Expire  969786880
To      all Argus Quolat~
Subject Dont misunderstand me.~
Text
I was not in any way attepting to insult you, I was merely
trying to warn you about what people might think if Elecial
was allowed to stay in Argus and continue to work against
your orders.
Not a single day was allowed to pass before Elecial in your
absence again approached me with petty threats and insults.
 
So, you must understand that because I know in detail what we
talked about earlier I have no need to insult you, but warning
you about how the public might view things I felt was neccessary.
 
 
Azazel Shadraoth, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Elecial~
Date    Thu Sep 14 12:32:26 2000~
Stamp   968928066
Expire  969791559
To      All Argus Azazel~
Subject Me.~
Text
Azazel, you really are dumber than you seem.  I do one thing against
the "rules", ooo Azazel, rules.  Don't cream yourself at the sound of
the word.  Anyways, I do one thing against the "rules" and you almost
immediately say how I CONTINUE to work against Quolat's orders.  You
really are pretty stupid.  In order to work against Quolat's orders, I
would have to do things repeatedly.  As far as I know, I'm only killed
one of your generals.  Think before you speak.  As for the insults, why
don't you go off in one of the dark corners and cry??  If you would
agree to fight me like a man, then the threats would stop.  But every
time you refuse to fight me.  Even if you have the chance to have 20
or more charmed monsters on your side you refuse.  As for this
"Elecial's Banishment" topic, it is QUOLAT'S decision whether or not I
stay in Argus, not some pathetic drow.  So mind your own business for
once in your life and let Quolat run HIS kingdom the way HE wants to.
 
As for how the public views things, I believe these squabblings are
between Argus and Mordukhan.  The public is not involved.
 
Elecial {Wthe {WA{wn{Dg{Be{bl {Wof {RD{re{Wa{rt{Rh.
~

Sender  Azazel~
Date    Thu Sep 14 15:05:26 2000~
Stamp   968937530
Expire  969800783
To      all Argus Elecial Quolat~
Subject Elecial's ramblings.~
Text
You must have misunderstood me Elecial, as I do not make
any of these so-called rules you speak of. I do not know
what the term "rules" you mention are supposed to cover.
What I do know is that Im trying to settle a peace between
Argus and Mordukhan by negotiating with your superior known
as Lord Master Quolat. In the sence that it takes two sides
to make peace, the development of this is very much my buisness
as well as it is Quolat's, and when I say you keep disobeying
your Lord Master Im saying you a doing it by constantly and
without stop attempting to undermine our negotiations with
threats and provocations.
You act as if you are completely oblivious to the fact that we
are trying to negotiate a peace in the quiet, and you continue
to create tension between our kingdoms with your threats and
insults. What I am doing is pointing this out to Lord Master Quolat
hoping his knowledge of your behavior will make him put an end
to it at least for the duration of our negotiations.
For now I request that you refrain from obstructing the fragile
peace Lord Quolat and I are trying to establish, as it seems you
are unaware of the importance of our negotiations, letting your
temper and not your wits lead you to publically insult me and
Mordukhan as a Kingdom.
 
 
Azazel, Lightsbane in The Covenance of {rM{DORDUKHA{rN{D.
~

Sender  Salindor~
Date    Thu Sep 14 15:50:38 2000~
Stamp   968939450
Expire  969803446
To      all~
Subject sdf~
Text
(null)~

Sender  Tyranthraxus~
Date    Thu Sep 14 17:28:02 2000~
Stamp   968945778
Expire  969809301
To      ALL~
Subject My Merry Little Band~
Text
  Hello folks, I feel it is my duty to offer the services
of the Merry Band to those in need of some good old bullying.
If you happen to be someone who like to pick on people, bash
in heads, or just plain cuz mayhem, let us know.  For a small
fee, we would be more than happy to join in any killing 
spree's, street brawls or ambushes that you may be planning.
And if you happen to be one of those quiet folks who just
needs to let go once in a while, contact us, and we'll
set you on the road to merriment, with a few pointers in
backstabbing, neck breaking or even some old style fist 
fighting.  The possibilities are endless, and the Merry
Band, more than happy to lend a helping hand.  So come
one, come all, and bring your club, I'd be more than happy
to do those dirty deeds for you.
 
  Sincerely, Tyranthraxus
 
 
~

